and then really when you got banned from
twitch you were sort of like i'm getting
a sense of like
you know desperation and fear really
that all this stuff was gonna be taken
away and like you'd pay
any price to hang on to it any price
this uh with like i don't know like a
doctor before like just mental health
and stuff so
yeah i can i can imagine um you know i
think a lot of people
are do tend to be nervous i think um you
know just so you know
we're recording this for upload later
right we on the same page about that
okay
um yeah so
what are you what do you uh help me
understand what you're nervous about
well i mean uh well when i was younger i
did go to therapy but it's been so long
it's been like
you know 15 years um i mean i just have
a lot of uh things that i've just
gone through in my life that uh
is hard to talk about and i
usually don't feel comfortable talking
about it to my viewers
because you know they wouldn't some of
them
may not respect what i say so i i just
tend to keep things myself
okay um well you know just a couple of
like sim oh
a couple of simple ground rules um you
know the first is that anything that you
don't feel comfortable talking about you
don't have to talk about
um you know my goal is to try to you
know
maybe help you in some way or educate
you or
um you know maybe give you some
direction or guidance and if there's
some way i can do that that's fine but
you know the goal here is not to make
the masses happy
right and and so can you just start off
by telling me what do you what do you go
by
what should i call you um you can just
call me paul
okay um yeah paul so uh can you tell me
just uh
did and did you have a particular idea
of what you wanted to talk about today
i mean it would be nice to talk about um
just yeah i mean just i mean well so i
i've autism so that would be
interesting to talk about okay and also
just
personal growth and you know
things like that mental health when it
comes to streaming in a very stressful
environment i've streamed in some
stressful environments
yeah okay uh
and i i guess that's really it i don't i
don't know yeah no that's that sounds
great man
um so can you tell me a little bit you
say you have autism so
can you tell me a little bit about that
yeah
um so when i was younger um i don't
remember what age i was diagnosed with
asperger's
so that i think has played like a pretty
big role in my life
because i have a like it took me a while
to like
understand uh social
cues and like how you know how to just
how to be social sure when i was younger
i was like
super sheltered and always in my house
didn't have any friends and talk to
anybody had a
not a very good uh you know emotional
relationship with my parents
so i was very just to myself um
and i i think that also still carries
with me today in streaming
can you tell me um i mean if it carries
with you is it okay if i ask some
questions about that
yeah that's fine i mean i'm totally open
with you i just you know because
you can help guide me through how to
talk about this
sure so um can you tell me a little bit
about what growing up was like for you
i mean it was pretty terrible it was uh
i mean my parents are good people like
they're nice
and i love them but you know they just
didn't uh
i just i just don't think they were on
the same page as me they would always
bring me to
like brought me to therapist they put me
on different medicine
and you know but they just never really
i don't think understood how to
um you know just communicate with me
when i was going through a lot of my
issues so it caused me to be a very
angry
child an angry person growing up and you
know that caused me to lash out at
school
lash out against other people lash out
on my parents
um and uh so my my childhood was very
you know it was full of a lot of
problems and i had i was like a
very troubled kid yeah it sounds like
you were kind of misunderstood and
didn't know really how to handle that
yeah i mean i think looking back on it
whenever i would get angry or upset
i just wouldn't know how to express
myself and my parents
didn't know what to do so because i
wouldn't tell them
because i'm not very good at expressing
how i feel
so i think they just kind of had to
guess
can you like does does anything in
particular come to mind in terms of like
um you know times or our memories of
when you know things
you got angry and kind of lashed out
i mean not i mean i don't really
remember specific moments um there was
this one time i destroyed the
christmas tree it was uh they had put me
on zoloft
and then uh which i'm sure it's like a
medicine
and uh then i didn't like it because i
was like like a zombie and like i just
didn't feel very good
so i just stopped it cold turkey
and uh they they they kept they wanted
to give me like another medicine
that i didn't really want to take either
so i just got very angry
and i lashed out and i just like
destroyed the christmas tree knocked it
over
punched you know a couple holes in the
walls in my room
and uh you know then my parents got
really angry obviously i did that and
they came and you know you know yelled
at me and
spanked me or whatever so how old were
you
uh i mean this was middle school so i
don't know maybe probably 12
13. yeah so and do you have a sense of
why they put you on medication or
why they thought you needed medication
i mean i was just you know i was just
always misbehaving
so they probably just you know the
doctors probably told them that i should
get some medication to help me with my
my issues right like uh yeah like i said
i had a lot of anger issues so they put
me on zoloft
and these like uh mood stabilizers
but they didn't really help me because i
don't think i had
like i'm not like bipolar or anything i
just uh like i can control my anger but
just
i just got to a certain point when i was
younger that i was always angry all the
time because i couldn't
ever express myself and i had zero
validation from anyone
so that sounds weird to me to medicate
misbehavior well i mean they
i just don't think they knew what to do
because all right in school i was really
bad
and i had bad grades and i just how so
you know
yeah what does that mean you were bad in
school i would always try to be the
class clown
so i would uh you know misbehave in
class and make people laugh
and then i'd get in trouble um but then
also i would be very angry in school and
lash out at people because i also had no
friends
so you know making people laugh was like
the only
positive sort of like thing that i got
out of people at school but i had to get
myself in trouble to do that
so it's kind of like a bad situation
yeah i mean i i can imagine it must have
been tough to be like a kid and to think
like
oh the only way i can make friends or
make people sort of like you know
treat me well or appreciate that i'm
around as if i get in trouble
so it's sort of you really had to you
had to pay a price to
you know kind of connect with people and
make make people appreciate you well i
mean they still didn't really appreciate
me i got bullied like crazy in school
like i was probably one of the most
bullied kids at school
um i have really really bad stories that
i could tell you of making
like of just things that have happened
to me and specifically in middle school
that was the
[ __ ] worst kid i'd love to hear if
you're
comfortable sharing that so that there
was this one time
and uh i think it was like seventh grade
or something there was this teacher was
really popular
um and she was pregnant and i was in
class and you know i didn't want to do
my work
because you know whatever reason and i
was just sitting there
and she got very angry at me for not
doing my work
and she you know came up i don't know if
she was like going through mood swings
or something
but she came up and she started like
scolding me about not doing my work and
i'm like i don't really want to do it
and then she started you know kind of
yelling a little bit
for me to do my work and then she like i
don't know started getting cramps or
something in her stomach
and um i think she ended up well she i
think she went to the hospital because
she had to like leave
and you know the principal came in had
to like take over the class and she was
you know going through like a pretty
major episode in class i think from the
cramps
so after that when the bell rang the uh
the rest of the kids in the class just
uh made up this rumor
that i'd killed her baby in you know
that she was pregnant with which
obviously it wasn't true
but for the rest of the year i was just
known as a as baby killer
oh my god by the entire school and i
would tell the teachers and the
principal and they just
would say uh they just didn't care
really they said
well i guess uh we can put you in this
isolated classroom so that's what they
did they put me in this like in-school
suspension classroom for
like two months which was terrible as
well so
uh yeah that's how seventh grade went
dude that's that sounds awful it sounds
like almost sounds like you got
punished for reaching out for help well
yeah i mean they i'm from a small town
in florida they had
literally no resources whatsoever
so they just kind of put you like they
just didn't know what to do
or they just had no money for resources
or i don't know
do you remember how you felt about it
back then
um i mean oh i mean i'm just angry i
don't really know how i felt but i can
just remember
my entire childhood i was just angry all
the time
and i just hated everyone i hated myself
i hated everything
i just thought that uh you know i was
just
not belonging anywhere
that sounds terrible man
yeah but i i feel like it helped me
learn like it helped me grow as a person
like uh pretty quick at least in that
kind of regard of like uh
toughening up like i'm a pretty tough
person
and i can deal with a lot of [ __ ] so
yeah i can imagine that to come out of
that on the other end you have to be
quite the survivor
but um yeah so i mean and then that was
just seventh grade
other grades you know has were also had
their own stories
so i'd love to hear a little bit more
about that
okay um when
i mean sixth grade was just basic
bullying nothing really crazy to be
honest
uh when i was in eighth grade there was
this kid his name i think eighth grade
maybe he was still seventh i don't
really remember
but this kid his name was pimp and he
was just
uh this this like kid in my pe class
and every time we would go to the locker
room he would like
pretend rape me and i know that sounds
insane but he would uh so i would always
try i would change in the stall
instead of changing like in front of
everyone because i just didn't feel
comfortable with that
and one day he uh you know usually he
didn't go that far he would like come up
and like slap my ass and like
you know just like just like uh
harass me in front of his friends and it
was just funny but this one time
when i was changing the stall he crawled
under the stall and he like
you know he had his pants on and
everything but he like grabbed me
and he pushed me on the floor and he got
on top and he was like pretend raping me
in front of and then like he opened the
stall and there was just like
20 kids like the whole locker room just
there laughing as he's doing that
and uh so that was obviously humiliating
as [ __ ]
and that was terrible um but
and he was also the most popular kid in
our grade so i couldn't even tell
a teacher or anything but someone else
actually told the teacher that this kid
had
like you know [ __ ] pretend raped me
in the locker room
you know and humiliated me and he ended
up getting expelled from school
but everyone thought that i told the
teacher on him so they just called me a
snitch
for the rest of that year and they just
bullied me even harder because they're
like oh you [ __ ]
you know got pimp expelled and i'm just
like i
i didn't do anything wow dude
so it's just like a double whammy this
is terrible
yeah i've heard of a lot of bad bullying
like i got bullied
growing up you know i grew up in east
texas and
you know it was small town texas kind of
stuff where
you know just your but that was like
your run-of-the-mill
you know racism like some degree of like
bigotry
like pretty like standard stuff i mean
this is honestly paul like just as a
as a professional this is some of the
worst stuff i've ever heard like someone
going through
yeah my i mean it was it was pretty bad
and
i you know obviously yeah i didn't have
anyone to talk to it about so
i just kept it all to myself so you can
see why
so angry i can i can definitely see why
you would be so angry and lash out
and stuff i mean i i don't know i mean
did your parents
know that this stuff was going on or
yeah i told my parents and
i mean obviously they went to the school
were upset that this was happening but
the school
i mean they didn't do anything there's
they i i don't remember
obviously what happened with my parents
going in there and talking to them but i
just remember nothing happening
so i don't think the school did anything
but after
uh though actually that was seventh
grade the the pimp thing because i
remember
eighth grade i actually did get
transferred to a different school
but it was not it was so bad that i got
transferred
though because what ended up happening
was so my parents complained
or something and i guess we had a
meeting and i was there
and they were like okay we can send paul
to this other school that's out of the
jurisdiction because they have this like
special classroom that he can sit in
and it's like a one classroom a day type
thing so instead of going to eight
periods i just have i just stay in one
classroom all day with like seven other
kids
and with like uh behavioral uh issues it
was called a self-contained classroom
and you know people who had emotional
behavioral problems go in there
instead of just like expelling me from
school so
you know i transferred to that school
but it was awful because obviously since
it was so far away
they had to send a bus to my house that
was only for me i was the only person on
the bus
so they sent me a little short bus
instead of like a normal bus
and everyone at my bus stop of like 20
kids
i was like oh yeah i'm going to this new
school now and they're like oh
you know that's interesting and then
this [ __ ] short bus pulls up and they
all just start calling me [ __ ]
because you know obviously the short bus
is like a it's like a meme that it's
like
for slow kids right so
i was very upset that that was the bus
that they
decided to send me every day because
yeah
going to the bus stop was terrible then
these are my neighbors you know
they call me [ __ ] just every day
oh my god paul but when i got to the new
school it was actually
it was good though because i actually
enjoyed being in that classroom
and the self-contained classroom is
actually what i spent my entire high
school in
as well until i was a senior at least
um because yeah i was i felt very
comfortable in there
and the other kids didn't bully me we
were all pretty like cool with each
other everyone was pretty nice to each
other
i think it's because they all went
through like their own issues
so they didn't maybe judge uh me as much
interesting and uh so i'm really curious
paul like
i can you know i can imagine or remember
when i was 13 sort of like how i had a
conception of things
like you know why stuff happened
why i got treated the way that i did
what was your understanding of like
why this stuff was happening to you i
mean did you even understand that
something was happening to you that you
were
sort of being treated differently that
you were
like what did you think about yourself
and your situation growing up
i mean i don't really know um
i remember just thinking yeah this is
unfair
but i also just thought to myself oh i'm
just you know
clearly there's just something wrong
with me because if i'm having these
issues and other people aren't
i suppose there must be something wrong
with me
so i just you know had really low
self-esteem
i didn't know what was wrong with me uh
because i actually didn't get diagnosed
with asperger's um
for a while maybe it was when i was a
little bit older than like 12
because i remember going to a lot of
therapists and they knew i had some kind
of autism but they didn't
know exactly what
until i think i was maybe like 14 or
something or 15.
because i we my parents ended up having
to take me to this one really
good specialist and he then
was like okay this sounds like
asperger's
which uh i mean it's hard to remember
everything
in like a chronological order but
um yeah so even but even with that
diagnosis i still
i at the time i didn't think i had
asperger's because my parents then
started
enrolling me and and you know these
therapy groups
with other kids that had asperger's and
you know the other kids in those therapy
groups had it
way more severely than i did um so they
acted way different obviously
and uh so i didn't even feel like i
belonged in those groups either
because i i mean now as an adult you
know
and maturing a little bit i think like
yeah
i do have i think i do have asperger's
but but it's not because i
like i just have a hard time expressing
my emotions and it's like
i i can't really feel emotions very well
okay but explain to me what asperger's
is or or what your understanding of it
is
um i mean it's it's just when you you
know have a hard time
seeing other people's perspectives
perhaps and you have a hard time
reading people's like body language and
understanding what they're thinking and
uh
and then maybe i have a hard time with
talking to people in the form of like uh
you know with like sarcasm
or joking with people or i'll say
something that i think is funny
but other people it's like offensive or
rude to them i had a
huge problem with that when i was
younger i would say something and people
would get like offended by it
and i wasn't trying to offend anyone hmm
so i it sounds to me like like sometimes
you're just not quite on the same
wavelength is that a good way to
describe
it yeah i think that's a good way to
describe that yeah and and that
sometimes you're not really sure
what you're feeling or how to express
that to people and maybe
some of that i'm gonna assume for a
second that that's sort of negative
emotions
um but that emotional turmoil kind of
manifests
in in ways that can create challenges
for you and your relationships
yeah i mean essentially um you know
yeah making relationships with people
has been tough
because i have a hard time with i mean i
don't know
like the basic stuff needed to build
relationships like i just have a hard
time
like now as an adult i can it's easier
but when i was younger it was so hard i
didn't understand how to be
friends with somebody or i didn't
understand how to even like have
basic communication with people you know
when i was like 16.
and and what would you say you've
learned as an adult like what are some
of the key things that you've sort of
figured out in terms of how to be
friends with someone and how to
communicate
um well now i mean i just
i try my best to go out of my way to
you know be a friend to my friends right
you know ask how they're doing
and you know just you know ask if they
want to hang out you know just it sounds
basic but
i just i had to learn this stuff it
didn't come natural to me
like i used to read i used to like look
on the internet and google and like read
books and like how to
like talk and be friends like how to
read somebody's face
like i didn't know how to do any of that
[ __ ] what are you getting from my face
are you reading my face now
i mean yeah you just look like you're
listening okay
i am listening i mean
it's still uh i mean i'm pretty good at
it now obviously because
streaming has really helped me a lot
with uh understanding uh social cues
and everything but even like when i was
20 before i even started streaming
i still had a hard time and yeah so can
you
so it sounds like actually getting in
that self-contained classroom was
was a pretty good experience for you it
seems like
you were able to form connections with
people people really didn't bully you
and stuff like that
yeah so so high school can you tell me a
little bit about what high school was
like i mean
i mean high school was pretty pretty
plain i
uh well when i was in ninth grade though
this was the only not plain thing so i
was still
obviously upset the self-contained
classroom was
was nice that i didn't get bullied in
but i was still upset that i was
in there still kind of and i felt like
and i was still just an angry kid so the
teacher
came up to me and was like wanting to
have me do my work and i didn't want to
do my [ __ ] work
and i started arguing with the teacher
in my ninth grade class
and then he you know was like um
you know [ __ ] uh yelling and i was
just like and i threatened him i was
like i'm gonna punch you or i'm gonna
i don't know stab you with this pencil i
i said i'm gonna stab you with this
pencil i just don't like saying it now
because it makes me sound like a
like a bad person but i was just an
angry kid
um so i said that to the teacher i
wasn't actually gonna do that i was just
angry but so
obviously they set up a meeting and they
were going to expel me because that's
like a threat
to the teacher and i was so angry and
upset
i started yelling in the room with uh
with my mom there
and i started yelling at my mom because
she said something that i didn't like
to the teacher and i said something
about autism or asperger's or something
i just felt so angry that she said that
because i kept denying that i had
aspergers at that time
so i started yelling at her and you know
what the [ __ ] school did they ended
up calling the
resource officer like the school cop and
they had me arrested
for yelling at my mom like i was just
yelling like and they they arrested me
instead of like trying to de-escalate
the situation
um obviously i didn't get charged with
anything
but they sent me over to the you know
the juvenile
detention place and i ended up sitting
there for like two hours and then they
wouldn't release me back to my parents
um because that was
because you know i was yelling at them
and that was where the situation
occurred so i had to go to my friend's
mom for like a week
before i could go back to my parents and
that was terrible because
i i thought that was totally undeserving
yeah i mean i mean it
and and when you say you thought it was
undeserving what what what made you
think that that was undeserving or
unfair
well i mean obviously i'm gonna be upset
that they're trying to expel me from
school
sure and you know i had a lot of
emotional problems
when i was younger so i just would hope
uh i mean
this is not how i was thinking i was
younger but now in hindsight i'm like i
would hope this school would maybe
have a little bit more uh understanding
but
they didn't they just were like oh well
we don't want to deal with it so just
call the police yeah i'm hearing a theme
here of people sort of
not trying to understand you i
i mean yeah that sounds that's like the
that's like the plot here of my
childhood
but i mean tough man
yeah i mean it it uh it it was it was
um but uh so i ended up going
so instead of when i got expelled i went
to this other school and it was full of
bad kids and like gangsters drug dealers
[ __ ] up
just kids that were actually criminals
and like on probation and [ __ ] and
clearly i'm i don't belong there so my
parents ended up um
putting me into this this camp it's
called eckerd uh eckerd's learning
center and it was just like
it was it was this camp that kids go to
when they have
you know behavior problems well half the
kids there
were orphans that were being misbehaving
in their orphanage
and the other half were kids who got
arrested and got sent there by the
courts
but my parents you know could opt to
send me there since i was in this
alternative school
but they asked but they had to pay money
um so they did
and i went there for three months
instead of go instead of this
alternative school that had
you know these you know like drug
dealers and [ __ ]
so i was and i was i actually liked it
there i mean it was interesting i ran
away three times and then they had to
find me and they brought me back
and whatever but i all i had to do was
be good for like a month and fill out
this check sheet and i'd be out
i ended up staying there for three
months because the first two months i
was misbehaving last month i was good
and they let me go and i got back i got
to go right back to my uh
school i got expelled from and that's
where my behavior
issues started to subside that camp
actually helped me
understand yeah i'm sorry keep going
the camp helped me understand how to uh
control myself a lot better because
um well i mean like i said that half the
kids there were there by the courts
and have been the actual jail like um
and the other half were you know kids
who were who were orphans
so they obviously had a not a very good
life at that time
so i kind of like got more perspective
um and i didn't misbehave as much
because they would beat the [ __ ] out of
me if
if i did because um if somebody starts
misbehaving that we have to go
in this like group this we have to sit
in like a circle and talk about it for
an hour
nobody wants to do that so if anyone
makes the whole group have to sit there
for an hour in a group
then later they they jump you they like
beat you up
so obviously i'm not going to misbehave
there i don't want to get [ __ ] beat
um i already got initiated when i got
there they beat me with they put like
something inside a sock and they hit me
with it when i was sleeping
so that was uh yeah that was not fun so
i didn't want it
you mean the other kids right yeah the
other kid so we had three cabins because
it was in the woods this like camp uh we
had three cabins so the kids in my cabin
would
you know they did that as like an
initiation
so i'm i'm hearing that actually like
you know physical consequences
actually helped you well in terms of
like learning how to regulate yourself
yeah
it helped me with like uh just
self-control
like i didn't lash out i was still angry
but i just kept to myself i didn't lash
out
at those people and those kids or
anything so
um and then after a while of not lashing
out i started to like be more content
with
i don't know being there and i kind of
liked being there it was like kind of
nice
to be told what to do all the time
it was kind of nice to i don't know
like uh just have a structure in your
life
because you know you have the line up
every other you know in a line when you
walk places you have to do your laundry
you have to clean your bed
flip your mattress you have to make your
own food you're completely independent
wow so it was food like what kind of
food would you make
um well i mean you wouldn't really make
the food but you would
set it out to the other kids like you'd
make the table
got it um so it was
kind of like that it was like a once a
week thing you x every kid got
you know they take turns or whatever
yeah yeah
so that place helps me be independent
and and have more self-control so
when i left that place when i graduated
from it it was i don't know i think it
like really helped me become like a
like a better person can i just point
out
paul um a couple of just themes that i'm
hearing
yeah so uh
you know the first is that i i really do
get the sense that like
people have not tried to understand you
i mean
i i'm kind of hearing so many different
stories of
you know early on like growing up you
were misbehaving and your parents sort
of like
a lot of times you would get kind of
punished and i think on the one hand it
sort of makes sense because maybe you
were lashing out and
and kind of saying inappropriate things
but
a lot of times you know it seems like
people sort of didn't care about your
side
of things you know this whole like
getting expelled and like you kind of
expressing
anger and then expressing anger at your
mom i'm sort of hearing
and i've heard this theme before that
you know everyone blames you for being
angry but like people may not be trying
to understand like why you're angry in
the first place like what's your side of
the story
and then certainly with with you know
the whole pimp thing because it's like
you had something that you were trying
to explain to people you're like i
didn't say anything
but they didn't care to listen and they
didn't care to understand
and so i'm hearing a lot of sort of
situations where
maybe you got punished for
you know stuff that really wasn't your
fault or or that
you know people had kind of listened to
you or bothered to kind of
try to understand your perspective like
like or they they really didn't do that
what do you think about that is that
fair to say yeah
that's pretty accurate yeah nobody
nobody cared to
listen to me when i was younger i mean i
had therapists but they weren't very
good
um until i got the one guy that
diagnosed
the asperger's and i stayed with him for
like six years wow
what was can you tell me a little bit
about um
what made the therapists not good and
and what made this guy
good well i mean my my first therapist
that i had he didn't even say i had
autism he said
adhd and he gave me you know adderall or
whatever
and i didn't do very good on adderall
i just got worse my behavior got worse
because now i'm super stimulated
at school and i definitely didn't want
to do anything and now i'm like super
agitated and like got angry quicker and
like
and i don't know and then when i went
back to the therapist and i would tell
him like
i feel worse because i didn't know how
to express myself so i wasn't like it's
the medicine
i just said i feel worse so he just put
me on a different medicine
instead of like trying to maybe
understand why i felt worse
um so that's like the theme of all these
therapists that i would go to
typically um until that one guy he
actually didn't give me any medicine he
just
gave me advice which is much better
and so you stayed with him for six years
that's a long time
yeah he was uh this top-rated guy in
palm beach
so we had to drive like 45 minutes to
in or to get to him my parents had to
unfortunately
you know he's very expensive my parents
had to pay like 700
every time we go there but he didn't
take insurance so he's like
one of the like of course he's you know
uh
just a very expensive doctor but for
good reason he was really good
at what he did and he you know
actually sat there and talked to me and
like listened to what i
had to say and gave me advice
um instead of just just giving me
medicine
and i really liked him i like i looked
forward to seeing him he was like my
the person i actually could open up to
does he know that he was that important
to you
i mean no i'm probably not
i've not i've been talk i mean obviously
haven't spoke to him in
many years so how long has it been
i don't know i think the i mean i think
the last time i saw him was like a 19 or
something
and uh 26.
have you ever thought about reaching out
to him and and sharing some of this
stuff
i mean i i haven't but i i could i just
um
i always just thought he was just you
know like a busy guy you know
he's the number one therapist in palm
beach
so i just never thought he would have
time for any of that so
but um yeah so i mean after i got out of
the camp
and you know that's when i you know my
parents brought me to this guy and then
at school i started being better because
the camp helped me learn some things
i'm able to get advice from from this
new therapist
who's giving me you know good advice
about asperger's and stuff
and like how to you know communicate
with people and i started being better
in school i started
not misbehaving and i went through my
ninth the second half of ninth grade all
the way up until i was a senior
in this like self-contained classroom
which is a weird experience like in high
school to have just one classroom
all day for three years but um since i
was good for three years they're like
okay
let's let them out to the general
population classrooms
as a senior and yeah i did well
so and i felt like good i was like i
wasn't getting bullied
and like uh kids are being nice to me
and i was like i felt like
i was hanging out with some people like
i felt pretty good about myself
at that point wow dude that's great
but to be fair though we were like 18
or 17 18 and as a senior so it's like
obviously kids are past the bullying
part so i didn't forgive any of them
because these are the same kids that
used to bully me
yeah i don't know that people are past
bullying at the age of 17 rape team i
think sometimes
it gets better but you know i know
people who are in their 30s and still
bully other people but i'm happy to hear
that it sounds like you
you learned a lot of skills you had
learned maybe a little bit about how to
control yourself a little bit better
had learned how to make friends um you
know ask people how they're doing
ask people if they want to hang out and
uh
and so i assume things with your parents
got better too
yeah i mean my parents and i are good
now we just uh you know it's just a
rough childhood
yeah sorry what are you saying
no go go for it uh now that i you know
i'm
as i'm an adult so i can express myself
better so
clearly my relationship with my parents
is better because i can
um you know tell them how i feel and
like
stuff now so yeah i was just gonna say i
think actually it sounds like your
parents tried very hard to kind of
figure out
you know how to help you um i'm hearing
that they were really confused but
you know it sounds like they tried quite
hard like they
you know had you seeing different kinds
of people and sure those people ended up
not being the right ones but
paul i've heard so many stories where
you know
the parents sort of give up at some
point right
or because what i'm really hearing is
that your parents tried like
so many different things to try to help
you and even drive you 45 minutes and
pay 700 bucks a session to try to get
you the help that you need for like six
years
like it sounds like you tried really
hard my parents had to take out a loan
to bring me to that that camp
because because you know i wasn't court
ordered so i might they had to pay like
six thousand a month to send me there
for three months
so they got a loan for that and yeah if
i was a parent i don't think i would
do that for my kid i would want to help
my kid but that would be
like that's just a huge risk it's a lot
of money
so my parents are very good with that
yeah i mean how do you understand why
they did that if you wouldn't do it
what do you mean you said that you
wouldn't do that for your kid
you know well i mean it's just a lot of
money
and i won't and i don't know if this is
going to help my kid so if it doesn't
help
them it's a lot of money to just you
know throw away
yeah so i don't know if i would take
that that
financial risk makes makes a lot of
sense
how do you understand why your parents
would take that financial risk
i mean i think they just wanted to help
me
any way that they could you know despite
any financial situation they could end
up in
yeah because i mean they saw
they saw my my misery like you know they
they
they felt bad like they didn't want me
to
be miserable so sure
you feeling anything as i ask you these
questions
i mean yeah i feel i'm just like looking
back at memories and it makes me feel
like
um i don't know like um
i don't know how it makes me feel it's
just like a weird uh
feeling but it's not very strong it's
just like uh
memories i don't know how to explain it
to be honest yeah yeah
that's so that that's what we're here
for so do you have a sense of why i
asked you that question at that moment
no i don't right so i i saw a change in
your face
so you started uh i'm not quite sure if
you were like like
sucking your teeth or something like
your your facial expression change you
started to do something with your mouth
i'm not trying to make you uh
self-conscious i realize it could be
doing that but
i noticed signs in your face that you
were experiencing some kind
of emotion yeah and
and so it was a different kind of
emotion from what i've seen so far
expressed in your face
and and you know if i if i had to say
like like can we talk about that emotion
and maybe try to understand what it is
yeah i mean we can talk about it so so
let's
let's kind of think about this you you
had images in your mind
of you and what were the images of
well i was just trying to remember you
know things that
happened when i was young so i was just
you know replaying the
situations and yeah just
maybe it's a little bit of a discomf
discomfort feeling
maybe that's like what i felt but uh
i don't really know probably i i think
so let me let me ask you kind of
something weird do you know if
what you felt was negative or positive
or maybe a little bit of both
i think it was kind of positive yeah
i mean it's uncomfortable to think about
but it's positive
because i like to see my you know where
i've how i used to be when i was younger
versus now it's it's nice to look back
and be and like know that i have
learned so many things you know what i
mean yeah
so what do you think about love like do
you think it was love
uh do i think it was well what do you
mean it was love
what you were feeling just now
uh no i don't think so
okay who would i be loving ah good
question
so i i i know it sounds kind of weird
but maybe it was being the recipient of
love
with my parents
how so so here's um
so you it's kind of weird right because
it's a positive feeling that's
uncomfortable
right and then you're actually
remembering like
miserable circumstances
so that's kind of confusing right
because like if i'm remembering misery
but i'm feeling a positive emotion like
how does that work
you with me yeah and then we were sort
of talking about
essentially like you know your parents
it's kind of taking a big financial risk
and then i i started to see your face
change when when
as we sort of talked about that you
start started to say like well
you know they saw how miserable i was
and and what i'm kind of seeing hearing
is like a story of of you know you not
being understood you not knowing how to
express
things to them and at the same time them
putting themselves in like financial
risk essentially to roll the dice
because they didn't know if six thousand
dollars a month is going to help you or
not
but they saw how miserable you are
and and so i'm wondering whether like
and it can be hard to like
be it can be hard to for other people to
like
feel to see our misery and like
do something about it it can actually be
like really uncomfortable for us to
receive kind of like love or faith
or or even be treated with value
no i feel that's that's crazy you say
that because i literally
feel uncomfortable with positive
uh reinforcement a lot of the time like
when people give me compliments i feel
comfortable by that like i like
compliments and i
for sure but i you know am a little bit
uncomfortable because it's just uh i
mean even now it's just
maybe i'm not used to it or i don't know
i mean obviously it's a streamer i'm
used to it but
it's still like if a viewer says okay
let me reiterate that if the viewer
compliments me in the chat
obviously there's no discomfort but if
the
person in real life says it to me it's
different
there's a little bit more uh i'm a
little bit more awkward with it
yeah so paul do you do you
so maybe maybe love is not the right
word
so like what about feeling valued
yeah i mean i don't know if
i mean i look back my parents valued me
for obviously for sure
but i i don't know if that's what i'm
feeling right when i looked back
at that but i don't know i mean you
would know more than me potentially
but sort of right because you're the one
who's actually feeling it though so it's
it's not like i'm a mind reader i'm not
a mind reader
but i i just i don't know like i'm sorry
i just can't like i have such a hard
time with
emotions yeah i i understand that why
are you apologizing
i just don't want you to be uh
i don't know uh what's like upset that
i'm not explaining it well
yeah are you getting the sense that i'm
upset
i mean no but i just do like you know
pre-apology
yep so so let's understand where that
apology comes from so like
if you're not getting a signal from me
that that
i'm upset i'm sort of getting that
you've your
mind is actually activated
pre-apology.exe
does that make sense to you yeah it's
like oh maybe i'm not doing a good job
so i better apologize because then this
person will be disappointed because i'm
not doing what i'm supposed to be doing
is that why you're apologizing
yeah so that i think is also like an
important bit of programming you've
learned because i think in the past
people have punished you and been upset
with you
because you haven't done some things
that you've been incapable
of doing
yeah that makes sense and so i'm not
expecting you to
be good at this and you
i know actually i i don't expect you to
be bad at it either
it's just
sun was just beating on me it's getting
really hot yeah totally cool man
um i kind of think about this as like
this is a co-op game
so like you know if it's helpful we can
try to explore emotions and
and maybe like help you understand what
some of that stuff is
swim around in there i may not know you
may not know but hopefully we can figure
it out together
what do you think about that yeah i mean
i would
if i could understand emotions better
that would be
really amazing because
i'm not gonna lie when you asked about
love earlier i just thought i was like a
little worried for a second because love
is like
just one of those things i totally have
such a hard time feeling don't really
understand
and i just you know and it makes me feel
bad
because i should love you know
more often right like i should love
people like i love my parents
but it doesn't come in the form of like
a physical emotion
it comes in the form of logical thinking
yeah so that that's why i tossed out
that word there because i
it occurs to me that i know it sounds
kind of weird but like
sometimes that's how love can feel like
if you can kind of think about it
it's weird because love is sometimes an
emotion that
we think of as a positive emotion but
oftentimes is like
hurts on the inside it's weird like that
okay so so i'll try to explain a little
bit okay
so you were thinking about your misery
right and you were also saying that
logically it doesn't make sense
to take a you know a loan
on rolling the dice on a kid who's like
kind of hopeless
like they've tried a bunch of stuff
right like you've been to special
classrooms
you've been here you've tried this
therapist that therapist
and and so i i could imagine that like
you maybe felt some degree of
hopelessness
you may not have recognized it but i
think on some level like you understood
that you were bouncing around from thing
to thing to thing
and like you know like i almost get this
is the second theme
so i get the sense that you were a kid
that no one knew what to do with
like what do we do with paul like what
do we do like well let's try to medicate
him let's try to put him in this
classroom let's try to put him in that
classroom
let's expel him let's suspend
him let's like what do we do with this
kid
and it can be really really hard i mean
the you know one of the most devastating
things to your self-esteem the
self-esteem of a child is for like the
world to not know like what to do with
this kid
and to be that kid and then for your
parents to sort of like have tried so
much stuff and it kind of like not
having worked
and i i don't know that you sort of
consciously understood this but i think
it manifests in self-esteem like
you felt like probably not like a great
kid right and you were like really angry
all the time and angry was just sort of
like
the way that these emotions like these
other emotions manifested
yeah i mean that that makes i mean yeah
the anger just
was everything yep and and so when you
think about that kid and you think about
your parents sort of like
knowing that maybe this wasn't a great
idea like logically didn't sound like a
great idea but for them to really put
themselves at financial
risk when
we didn't know if it was going to work
like it sounds like a stupid decision
but like it's a stupid decision they
made for you
yeah and that's and and that's uh yeah i
mean that's like love right so
yeah exactly right so like and that's
why it feels kind of weird on the inside
because it's not like a positive emotion
there's like
there's some kind of hurt but it's also
like you can tell
that you are on the receiving end of
someone's like
stupidity that you are on the receiving
end of like
they're making a bad decision because
they love you right it's kind of weird
yeah does that make sense yeah no no
that man yeah that does that makes a lot
of sense
yeah and so sometimes that's what love
feels like so i'd say like take a
snapshot
you know screencap that and like to feel
valued when maybe you yourself didn't
think you were worth it
like for someone to take a risk on you
that may not have worked out
but for them to like care about you that
much
and like put their own financial health
at stake like for your sake
it can it's like something that maybe
like there's a little bit of likes
like you know pity or some something on
that
spectrum in there too does that feel
right to you
no i don't think pity i i hate pity
so much i hate when anyone gives me pity
so i don't
i know what i feel that okay okay
um yeah so you know i'd encourage you
paul to just kind of like
pay attention to that because sometimes
that's what love or feeling valued
or feeling cared for do any of those
kind of resonate with with maybe what
you could you could have felt back then
like in terms of when i asked you about
your feelings
no back then i didn't feel cared for at
all no no i i don't mean back then i
mean like just a few minutes ago
like as we were talking about it
a few weeks ago no sorry sorry a few
minutes ago
oh um yeah i mean
looking back on it yeah they i i i
i guess that could be what it is like
that i felt cared for
no so i think what's what's happening is
that you didn't feel cared for back then
but now you're realizing that maybe you
were
cared for yeah
that actually that that could be it
because it it it is like uh
i felt like yeah it's like a positive
feeling that i was feeling so
even though it was like you were having
like memories of hurt
with a positive feeling in the present
right yeah that that makes a lot of
sense that's
it's crazy to think about like i'm just
thinking about it it's it's kind of
crazy because
i didn't ever really think like that
ever
when i think of i just look at stuff
like
with black and white honestly with
everything that i
look at and what i think about so i
don't so it's
it's interesting that you you put it
that way because it's
it's uh it really makes me think and
like oh maybe that's right
that is true yeah
yeah i mean i think this is you know and
how do you come up with likes
like how do you know that like how do
you come up with that
uh how do i come up with are you asking
because you want to do this process
yourself
down the road yeah yeah yeah like how do
you look at stuff not so
black and white with practice
right so so so this is what what
training is for and this is what
practice is for
but i think that um
let me see if i can give you a better
answer
because what i'm hearing in that
question is can you teach me to do that
on my own and can we do that again
yeah is that is that the question yeah
yeah so let me can i have a second to
think about how to teach that to you
okay
okay so here's the thing when you're
growing up
so like let's black and white is fine
like that's not a big deal
so when you're growing up you have a
conception of things right like if you
think about your memory
your memory is laid down by a particular
mind
so your memories of like you know being
frustrated with your parents for like
putting you on zoloft those memories
were like
saved to your hard drive by like a 12
year old mind
does that make sense yeah it's kind of
like if i draw a picture
of you know a dinosaur and i'm six
and i have that picture on a piece of
paper and then i like 20 years later i'm
a great artist
the piece of paper with the dinosaurs it
was still made up by a six-year-old
so it's not like as my skill as an
artist improves
all of my past pictures get better does
that make sense
so our bizarrely our memories are the
same way
so our memories get laid down
by the mind that exists at that time
so it's it's not going to be very easy
for me to see it
other than in black and white because i
was so young
exactly so but now what you can do is
now there's like 29 year old paul
right so you can actually go and revisit
huh 26. 20 seconds make me feel old
sorry um there's there's 26 year old
paul
25 paul 24 whatever doesn't really
matter
there's paul there's the adult paul who
can go back
and revisit those experiences
but you're gonna revisit them with your
adult mind
and when you revisit them with your
adult mind there's like actually a
technique to like
go through those like experiences again
right
so for example like um
you know you can and this is this gets
this is where things get a little bit
tricky like
you have to really sort of do it in a in
a systematic way where like you can kind
of say like okay
what happened first what happened next
what happened third
um and there's actually like a technique
of almost like journaling where you can
just write down like you know i would
say like write down
one page of like a memory that you had
and then and then you can sort of
analyze it with your current mind and
you can go through and like look at each
sentence and
ask yourself what could i have been
feeling then what could i have been
feeling then
because your memory is going to be like
anger is going to be each of those
things
right like all your memory is just going
to be purely of anger
but if we think about you know the
scenario with like pimp in the bathroom
like
there's like shame there's humiliation
there's like
you know injustice there are all kinds
of other emotions
besides anger and so as we revisit
our past experiences we can take that
six-year-old's drawing and we can kind
of like fix it up a little bit and then
you'll have a new perspective on it
that makes sense i don't know if i'd be
very good at that but it
i guess like you said it's with training
absolutely right so when you say i
wouldn't be very good at it
are you talking about aptitude or
experience
i mean i guess a little bit of both i i
just uh so
too yeah i'm not very good with the uh
with just like i would have never even
thought
about the word like shame or injustice
when you brought up the pimps
situation i would only think of anger
because that you know it's that emotion
is well
a shameful emotion at least in my
experience shame doesn't really
translate well memory as well as anger
at least
well yeah i mean that's that's what i'm
saying right so like like it
when you say translate well in memory
your memory is going to be
dominated by experiences of anger and
this is where anger is actually a
protective emotion
anger is what protects us from all the
other negative emotions
because like you know shame is like
harder to deal with than anger is like
at least at anger like
there's there's like something you can
like you know
direct your anger at so you don't have
to look at yourself you don't have to
feel ashamed if i'm
pissed at pimp for like you know i get
pissed at him i don't have to feel hurt
anger is actually what protects us
against hurt
that makes sense i mean yeah actually
oh yeah that does make a lot of sense
because shame is i mean that's
it's probably the worst emotion in the
world
if i could do anything to avoid feeling
shameful like i would love to
but uh what do you do when pity people
pity you paul
i get angry right i don't like when
people
pity me i feel like they
are i don't know maybe being
condescending or something
yeah right so but what is pity
um when they feel sorry for you yeah
is that condescending
i i mean not everyone who does it is
condescending but i
that's just where my mind goes
immediately very good right so i'm gonna
change that answer for you a little bit
it's the way that i feel i feel
condescended to
i feel like people are condescending to
me when they pity me
does that make sense right yeah and so
like when you
when people like pity you like there's
like actually
some degree of like potential
vulnerability or hurt there
is that because like if i like if you
know
if you were in an accident and you broke
your leg
and i felt pity for you like that's not
necessarily condescending sometimes pity
can be condescending by the way so i
think we got to be careful about pity
but
you know i could feel like compassion or
i could feel empathy
the thing you've got to be careful about
is that compassion and empathy
may feel like pity to you
yeah that makes sense i uh
i you know i think what i think i i
might feel so bad
about when people pity me and i feel
like condescended to
because i you know compassion and
empathies are also
two emotions i have struggled with yep
so so i can't really
i can't really um like point it out when
i see it you know yep
very good so i think like let's think
about that so one thing is i do think
pity has an
element of condescension to it right
because pity is like
oh like when i'm walking down the street
and i you know there's a beggar
and then like i have like my you know
nice clothes and i've got my fancy new
phone and and
all this kind of stuff and like oh like
this poor beggar like oh
like let me like let me pity you like
it's like i'm i'm up here and i'm i'm
gonna you know i'm gonna give you
i'm the hand that's giving and you're
the hand that's receiving
so sometimes with pity there is a power
dynamic with that emotion does that make
sense
yeah i think the thing you've got to be
careful about is if you're
colorblind to compassion or empathy
if we think like pity compassion and
empathy are all going to kind of overlap
to some degree right the problem is that
if i'm sending you all three signals but
you're only able to see
one then how are you going to respond
and anger yeah actually that makes a lot
of sense because
any time people have tried to console me
i
i do get angry because i just i i can't
deal with the with those emotions i
even now i do so bad with it if i feel
if something bad happens or i feel bad
and somebody tries to make me feel
better i
don't usually respond in a positive way
yeah that's gotta be that makes sense
now cause
yeah but how do i fix that
well so i i think that that's where you
know just ignore so this is okay so now
i'm gonna give you a playbook hold on
one second let me can i
have a second to give you a playbook i
just gotta
make it up real quick
okay
okay so it starts with you recognizing
this [ __ ] guy is being condescending
to me
okay so it actually starts because
that's a signal that you can detect very
easily right
yeah so like when you feel like someone
is being condescending towards you
that's that should be like the you know
the
running low on gas light in your car
like that should be the signal
to you okay once you feel that way if
you feel like someone is being
condescending to you you need to pause
for a second
and then do a little analysis and ask
yourself
you know is this person really being
condescending
if this person were trying to be
compassionate
what would they do differently if this
person would
were trying to be compassionate would i
be able to tell the difference
and and this is where you can also kind
of use like you know the friend example
like
if you take yourself out of the equation
if someone's
you know dad passed away and then like
someone
went to their house and said to them
like make it like a third person thing
so like
person a's dad passed away person b
shows up and
says this thing to person a are would
would i consider that condescending
and this is where it's hard because you
really have to step out of your shoes
you have to really think about the
scenario
outside of your experience of it
and then then you can kind of maybe see
and it's almost like
what you asked me earlier about like you
know how do you do that you kind of step
out of your own shoes ask yourself
okay like if this person would be we're
being compassionate what would they do
and if you can't come up with an answer
then like that's kind of an interesting
clue you may not know what compassion
looks like which is you know i'm not
trying to be condescending there was
that was that condescending
no i don't know okay okay um but like
like you may i i mean you may not know i
i don't know i just don't know about
that
um but you know i'd say that if you if
you can't figure out how
compassion and condescension would look
different
in this scenario then that's a real sign
that maybe they're trying to be
compassionate
so step one is recognize the pity and
anger
recognize this the feeling that
someone's being condescended
recognize that you're getting pissed so
if you're pissed okay why am i pissed
is someone being condescending to me
okay next question is like
okay if two people that were not me and
were not this person
were engaged in this behavior would that
be compassion or would that be
condescension
third thing is
okay let me just make you following me
so far
yeah okay so then third thing is if this
person was trying to be compassionate
would i be able to recognize that could
i envision what that looked like
could it actually look like
what they're doing does that make sense
like what do you mean what it could look
like what they're doing
so like someone's doing something to you
right that makes you feel like they're
you're being they're being condescending
yeah
right so let's say i say to you oh paul
you poor thing let me buy you some
deodorant
okay right and so so then you can ask
yourself like okay
does buying does buy deodorant like
could that be a sign of compassion
or is it necessarily condescension
does that does that question make sense
now that one makes sense yeah
right so like and with deodorant it's
like well the decent chance that it's
condescending
right yeah but it's like my dad passed
away someone got me flowers like even
though you may feel
condescended like people are like
looking down on you
like i don't need flowers like who the
[ __ ] do they think i am
needing flowers like that's not really
that's not really how i feel like
uh if somebody if something bad happens
and somebody says
like where to get me flowers i mean
nobody in my family has died so i
i don't know how i'd feel with that but
when something bad happens um
you know like let's say there's like
some drama online or something that
makes me feel really bad
and then somebody like my girlfriend
wants to try and make me feel better
i won't feel pissed because i'll be like
who does she think i am i'll feel more
pissed because
she's you know
i don't know trying like talking in a
place where she is not also feeling bad
so she is trying to give me like i don't
know trying to make me feel better just
makes me feel pissed
because i feel like they don't i feel
like she wouldn't understand how i'm
feeling
so that sort of condescending feeling is
how i it's how i feel
does that make sense why do you call
that condescension
i mean i i don't know what else to call
it so so so you feel like your
your girlfriend like doesn't have
this the stance to be compassionate
towards you or like
to console you that
and also i don't like when you know if
she's trying to
console me with something she's bringing
up not just her anyone bringing up bad
like the bad memories again that just
happened i don't like that either i
don't like
when people want to talk about something
to try to make me feel better because it
brings back
those negative emotions and i don't
do good at dealing with negative
emotions so i don't even want to go
there
and then so it's like a multi-layered
thing why i get pissed
good i mean it's not good that it's both
but it's good i i'm really
happy actually um paul because it sounds
like you actually have a lot of
insight in into why you get pissed
i mean right even nowadays i still keep
to myself
you know i mean i don't even really talk
about things with my girlfriend
um she tries to talk about things with
me but i just you know
i kind of just keep to myself i don't
let her
usually i just don't i'm so used to
keeping things myself
that i that's just what i've come
accustomed to
okay so i'm gonna give you step four
which is i think
talk to the person that you feel angry
at for trying to console you
and this is where you can signal some
things to them right you can tell them
explicitly
hey i recognize you're trying to talk to
me about this
but i actually find that talking about
it like brings up
more negative emotions
right just like you explained to me like
just share that with them have you tried
doing that
no i usually uh just get angry and i
tell them to go away
right so we're gonna like like i know it
sounds kind of weird paul but we gotta
like retrain those neurons
right so that's not gonna help your
relationships it's
it's a really bad habit i know i just my
whole life
26 years i just have only been to myself
and that's just
it you know and then actually when as a
strip when i became a streamer
i definitely couldn't express myself i
did not feel comfortable expressing
myself to
people on a live stream you know
what's your understanding of why you've
become so self-reliant
i just have trust issues
well said right so i i think the way
that i would put that i think you have
a lot of reasons to not let other people
in
i don't know what you're referring to
when you say trust issues but what i'm
hearing is a kid who was chronically
misunderstood
growing up well when i say trust that
and
when i say trust issues i mean yeah i
just don't wanna i
give i don't trust anyone else with
my feelings i don't know i just don't
like i've just had too many bad
experiences where i tell someone about
my feelings and then i feel
worse they make me feel worse are you
feeling worse now
no i i prepared myself to
chat with you so i you know i just
i have an ex i have an expectation when
talking to you so i
i don't feel bad because i've already
gave myself that expectation right okay
do you feel like you're
okay so when it comes to your girlfriend
i do want to give you some concrete
feedback here to where like i think
instead of
i think it's fine to push her away but
just use
this language if that makes sense you
know just tell her hey
sometimes like i recognize that you're
trying to help me but sometimes it's
actually like makes things
more emotionally difficult i i prefer to
kind of process on my own
and you think that is that like i mean
is that more healthy than me trying to
figure out how to
talk to her like like i would prefer
if i didn't get angry bro that is
talking to her
that's the first step to talking to her
okay
does that make sense it's like
wait first i just want to i like
eventually i want to be able to not get
angry and feel so negative when people
try to
yeah yeah he told me i so i don't want
to push him away i just can't deal with
the
emotions when you know i just can't deal
with them i just get so
worked up you know yeah so so that that
actually is the first and most important
step right like so if we want to figure
out
like so what i'm hearing from you paul
is that you and
the people that you care about you want
to be able to move in the direction of
being able to discuss emotional things
right yeah i want to yeah okay so that
starts out
by figuring out if you want to go
somewhere you have to start
by figuring out where you are
does that make sense like if we're in
like south florida like that's where we
got to start like sure i want to be in
the pacific northwest
like that's where i want to go but we
got to start where we are
and so signaling to your girlfriend i
know it sounds kind of weird but that's
a way to
open up the conversation right so you
instead of just pushing her away
and like jumping into your emotions too
heavily what's going on
you i feel like i just lost you for a
second oh no
my microphone is flashing i just want to
make sure
um so i think i know it sounds kind of
weird because it sounds like you're
pushing her away but i don't think it's
actually pushing her away i think it's
actually the first step to letting her
in because you're signaling to her hey
this is hard for me
it's not that i'm mean it's not that i
don't care about you it's not that i
don't appreciate it
it's hard for me to be consoled right
now
okay right and and so like like you kind
of signaling to her like what you can
handle
in a respectful way where you're not
saying things that are hurtful
you're not lashing out to her that's
gonna start to lay the foundation for
like the next step in communication
but if i tell her to go uh to go away
you know because i'm not feeling good
how do i open myself back
to that conversation because that's the
heart
that's the hard part yeah but you're not
telling her to go away
right you're just saying it's hard for
me to talk
and then and then paul you're brilliant
bro
you say exactly what you just said to me
which is that i want to be able to have
this conversation with you
but i recognize there's a part of me
that's pushing you away but like i don't
want to
but it's hard for me to like sit with
these negative emotions
does that make sense yeah like you can
even say something like
i feel myself pushing you away but i
don't want to
how does that sound i mean that's
that's accurate um my only fear is that
i go back into the conversation and
you know then i just get angry during it
so you share that as well right so you
say that you say i'm a
i want to have this conversation but i'm
afraid that because it's painful
i'm going to get angry and i don't want
to get angry and now i don't know if
you've been paying attention paul and
i'm not trying to be condescending here
but that is you have sharing your
feelings with her that is like literally
what that is
you were doing it at that point does
that make sense
yeah right because like you've shared
actually a lot with her at that point
you want me to recap just or yeah
i mean no no it's fine i got it it's i
shared a lot but
we haven't shared like the main part of
it though we've only
shared how i feel before the
conversation
yep good so that's actually how you do
it
so like what you do is you start right
so like if i'm if i'm like let's say
you've got
you know let's say you have a broken arm
okay
so if i'm a doctor and like there's a
child with a broken arm i don't start by
touching this
i start by touching this and then i get
closer does this hurt no does this hurt
does this hurt
does this hurt does this oh this hurts a
little bit i'm sorry can i just move a
little bit okay that hurts
oh that really hurts oh my god oh that's
very painful i'm so sorry
so you start in a safe zone and then you
slowly move towards the deep end
right you got to start in the kiddie
pool and then like
like as you guys talk about it and then
like this is where
she's not gonna feel pushed away because
you're sharing with her
right and then the two of y'all are
gonna work together about going into the
deep end
makes sense yeah i mean i i'll
definitely have to try that
because i guess i i keep keep trying to
go right into the deep end i think so
yep
you took the thought right out of my
mind
yeah you want to teleport right to where
you want to go but you got to go slow
paul right because like if we think
about it
why is it so hard for you to connect
it's because like
for like you know the first half of your
life
or even long in the first half of your
life like it was hard to let people in
because
you didn't know how and they didn't
understand you and they like
you know you didn't do anything wrong
but they still called you a snitch and
bullied you like of course you got trust
issues
so you have to you have to give yourself
the patience
to build that trust up and it needs to
be built up slowly
you know you don't you don't like build
up trust in the 24-hour period right
like trust is something it's not like
you know it happens slowly
yeah it makes sense
relationships uh are tough i don't know
how
people i don't know not relationships
like boy girl but like you know
friendships
all kinds of relationships it's just
it's tough i don't i like i wish i could
just
it just came naturally to me more like
more often but it's
uh so hard to do
yeah uh i'm
can i share some feelings with you yeah
so when you say something like that it
makes me feel something like pity for
you
right like i i just i think it's sad and
i'm i'm trying to avoid that feeling but
i have it
i kind of like think about your life and
like you know
it sounds like you spawned on hard mode
like you're playing the game of life on
hard mode and so i feel some degree of
like
compassion towards you how do you feel
about that
when you say does that rub you the wrong
way
um i mean it doesn't i mean it doesn't
rub me the wrong way i mean i
i maybe uh on medium because i'm i'm
pretty like privileged
to like live you know in a nice family
and stuff so i'm not i don't think
like i have a hard life but i had just
you know when it comes to like
more of deeper emotional stuff that's
when it gets tough
but that's not really something i would
consider like a hard life
yeah so let me modify what i said a
little bit you let me know how this
makes you feel
okay so on the one hand paul i i respect
you dude i think you're a survivor i
think you've
you know like it sounds like you had a
really challenging upbringing in a lot
of ways and
you actually like worked really hard to
like put yourself back together
that you've grown into an adult and like
you've learned how to do things that did
not come
easily for you that other people take
for granted
feeling okay with that so far yeah is
that fair to say
for me to say that and respect you for
that
and at the same time i'm also sad that
like you were dealt that hand in the
first place
yeah i mean that's that's uh i like that
way better
yeah so it's kind of interesting because
like i can respect your triumph
and also be like man that sucks that you
were in that situation where you had to
triumph in the first place
makes sense how does that make you feel
i like that it makes me feel good yeah
so i just don't like when uh yeah i
didn't like the hard mode thing because
it makes me feel
like i'm being in the wrong
because there's people who have these
emotional
problems and their life isn't good
because they
you know like i went to that camp that
bro they had you know these kids were in
the same boat as me but they had they
were orphans or
you know they were going they were in
jail and like they just had way worse
lives than me so my perspective is so
wide that yeah i just i i felt
kind of like i was in the wrong when you
said hard mode
yeah i can understand that um can i
disagree with you there a little bit
can i share my experience yeah so i i've
worked with people who are very
privileged and very wealthy
i've worked in jails i've worked with
kids
you know i've worked at places where
kids run away on a routine basis let's
just put it that way
and what i've come to realize is that no
amount of privilege
protects you from suffering that at the
end of the day in
in buddha the buddha the guy who founded
buddhism you know
he sort of said this and he said that
like ultimately like suffering is a part
of the human condition
and it's been really bizarre because
i've worked with people who are suicidal
and like in jail and are going to be
there for the next 40 years
and i've worked with people who just got
promoted to be ceo of a
you know a tech startup out of mit who
are also suicidal
and when i really sit with them both of
them i don't think that
you know does one have more privilege
absolutely does one have certain
benefits that they should be grateful
for
absolutely is one's life easier
absolutely
and at the same time in my experience
suffering
and difficulty are not the same thing
it's kind of weird it's just my
experience
that that's a good way to put it i like
that
do you think other people see it that
way
because i felt like i felt like the bad
guy there for a second because
i felt like i was in the wrong for a
second because of how other people would
perceive it
who aren't uh as well put as you
you know you're like you you can
understand things probably
a little bit better than the average
person
yeah so i i think that that's a problem
that people we seem to be
keeping suffering more and more and more
right we we allow some people to suffer
and then we get into this like weird
like
contest about who's the most who's
allowed to suffer the most
it's weird you know like it's like at
the end of the day paul like
you have probably the single worst case
of school bullying that i've ever heard
this whole thing with like pimp in the
bathroom like i've heard a lot of cases
of bullying like
by like you know people like that's the
worst i mean it's like
[ __ ] like it's humiliating it's like
terrifying
you know like that's that's so
psychologically like
the bizarre thing and what's even like
worse is like
it actually doesn't sound like it was
that traumatic for you
i mean it was pretty it was pretty bad
if i still remember
i mean i understand it was pretty bad
but just hearing the way you talk about
it it sounds like
in the grand scheme of things it was
maybe one of the worst things that
happened to you
but your baseline was like pretty [ __ ]
you know you know what's crazy
that yeah you know that that was pretty
traumatic
but compared to i mean well now a day is
it
like i don't know like i have been
through so much worse as a streamer
than my childhood bro that yeah getting
pretend
raped is almost like nothing
like you know what i mean and that's
[ __ ] terrible to say but it's
it's my scale is so skewed
a [ __ ] up [ __ ] i've been through so
much [ __ ] up [ __ ]
yep absolutely man and so this is where
i think at the end of the day
comparing suffering i think is a waste
of everyone's time
it's not that anyone deserves to suffer
more than you are i think the right move
is to like
you know if stuff sucked for you it
sucked for you and also
like if things are worse for other
people like have compassion for them and
try to help them but like
they it doesn't matter whether my life
was good or my life is bad i should
still have compassion for someone who's
whose life is like
sucks right does that make sense and i
don't know why is
like societally we've started entangling
those two
like if my life is bad then i
it's weird it's like i don't need to
give compassion to others
and if my life is good then i don't
deserve to have compassion myself
it's really weird i just don't think it
makes any sense i think you know
someone's life can be terrible and you
should be compassionate towards them
irrespective of how bad your life is
now you may not be able to do a whole
lot right like if you if you're you know
if you're dealing with trauma or abuse
or you got diagnosed with cancer and you
may not have a whole lot of bandwidth to
give
that's completely separate but in terms
of i don't think it's
you know i mean it sounds like paul
you've had some things that you should
be grateful for
like you had parents that loved you a
lot and took out a loan
to try to help their son get on the
right track so should you be grateful
for that
absolutely but did your life
suck in some ways absolutely
and those two don't have to be mutually
exclusive
okay yeah i just always i don't know i
just always feel weird
like uh talking about like uh like how
hard some parts of my life have been
because i just feel like yeah obviously
i've got a lot of privilege
and i don't want to overstep my boundary
here of
what you know i know that's like weird
but i just i put no
it's i just i don't know i just want to
make sure i'm not
putting myself in a situation where
people are going to
look at me poorly in that sense at least
i don't know
yeah so i i don't know man i i think
that you know you got to be a little bit
careful about your appearance but
i don't yeah i mean i i think that if
this is your authentic experience then
that's your authentic experience like it
happened to you
and if people think that you're like you
know pity farming
you know i don't get that sense from you
i i don't you know i think you're just
i think it just sounds like very
authentic to me like
yeah the whole pity like thing actually
i never had an issue with
with pity as much at least until
i started streaming the the streaming
the
when i first started streaming obviously
i was very sheltered
so that it was everything bro and i
learned a lot of [ __ ]
from just viewers
interacting with me and a lot of it has
been
negative um learning and not positive
learning
you know like i learned to not you know
feel bad for myself and [ __ ] which is
kind of uh paul i just want to pause for
a second so we've been
uh you know going at this for about an
hour and a half how are you feeling
i i mean i feel good i like getting the
stuff off my chest
i uh don't know if i'm doing good at it
or not i'm sorry if uh
i'm if i'm not but there's
pre-apology.exe
i just want to make sure that i'm not
like uh just dragging things on or
something
no i i i think that i've i think
today's so far everything we've talked
about has been very productive
um the only reason i paused is because i
i'm recognizing that we haven't even
touched streaming yet
yeah it's i mean i keep it short or i
can give you the whole thing
it's up to you well so that's where
where i i'm
actually wondering you know i i think i
actually want the whole thing
um because i i think that's you know i'm
not interested in the abbreviated
version it's just i
i mean i imagine that'll be long so you
know are you are you good for going for
like another hour
yeah i'm good so tell me about streaming
okay i mean i don't even know where to
begin dude it's it's such a
all right i mean i guess when i uh first
got into streaming um i mean i'm just
gonna stick to like the whole mental
health and like how i feel part of
streaming more so than like
how i became a streamer [ __ ] because
people you know know that [ __ ] so
um i i don't can you tell me a little
bit about it
yeah um well i became a streamer i was
playing uh runescape
which is uh you know this game i played
a lot for like ever since i was young
it was uh game always played so i became
a streamer i started streaming runescape
um and i made youtube videos with it and
and i you know it was just fun i didn't
take it seriously you should just like
smoke weed
after work and then go live make videos
and like just troll a little bit on
runescape you know i'd have like really
good armor and like a really bad
situation and
die and then i'd be like oh i [ __ ]
died and it was just funny
and um you know people liked it i
started getting a following from that
and uh
you know it was all going pretty well
for you know the first like three months
i think i started in like august 2015.
wow and yeah i mean that's how
streaming started um then irl came out
and i actually started to move
my content to irl or like pokemon go is
what it was back then
on twitch because you couldn't do irl
twitch back then but
and the viewers and everyone really
loved it i really liked it because you
know
it's [ __ ] crazy because
i was so isolated and sheltered growing
up
and then streamed for you know the first
few months
runescape and i started to like get out
of my shell a little bit
and i started to you know express my
my you know my class clown humor on
stream
and it really felt like it just was
right it felt like
it all led up to this and then when irl
or like pokemon go came out i really
enjoyed like
like i would never talk to i would have
never been
able to talk to people without the
stream
giving me that validation and i think
that really helped me
i when pokemon go came out the first day
i streamed it
i had people in my chat you know giving
me
good validation every time i would talk
to someone
and it made me feel comfortable with
talking to people for like the first
time ever
can you tell me what what you mean by
validation and
what they said that made you feel
comfortable well
you know usually i would be awkward
you know with how i talk to people
growing up and
you know i could just tell that when i
talk to people the conversations are
kind of like weird and don't go anywhere
or
they're judging me a little bit maybe
but when i would stream
and you know i would talk to people
doing irl
my chat would just give me they'd just
be like oh that was funny
you're you know hilarious you're you
know that was good
you know and i wasn't even trying to
really be funny i was just talking to
people
but i guess my quirky my quirkiness just
kind of like translated well to the
stream so
um you know made me feel good so even if
the interaction i just had was kind of
awkward
the stream made me feel good and i just
you know was able to do it more and more
until i got more comfortable with
actually talking to people and then i
you know but and you know that i learned
how to actually have
decent conversations because of the
streams validation
helping me push myself right the very
first ira stream i did
dude i was so nervous i knew i wanted to
do it because i'm like all right this is
going to get
a lot of viewers and it's going to be
super hype because it's a new category
and i think it'll be fun and um
yeah i just my heart was being so fast i
was so nervous because i never really
talked to people
and then all of a sudden that went so
well the first stream like i was so
happy dude that i was
able to talk to people and not feel
judged like i didn't really care if the
people in real life were judging me
i only cared about the stream
like judging me because that was
what i was going out for anyways right
so
it was very uh exciting for me when i
first did that irl stream
because i had never done like anything
like that before
like talking to people and so
sounds great what where's the
uh it sounds like things went downhill
at some point
yeah i mean obviously obviously
that so those feel good feelings you
know whatever
so i started doing irl like every day
and i started to uh you know and it was
going well and it was going well for
for for you know a little bit and um
before i get to the other parts let me
just say
there was this one stream i did on
twitch that didn't go so like there
wasn't it wasn't that in like i went i
think i tried gaming
so i just did iron off like a week
straight and then i went back to gaming
and then the viewers didn't like it so i
started crying on stream
and got very emotional because all i was
trying to do was
just be accepted by my chat which
there's a video of that stream but it's
it's it was just like a two-minute
stream of me just
crying and saying you know how i felt
and i
you know people gave me good feedback
with
and you know hearts and stuff and i felt
good and i felt comfortable with
expressing myself actually in you know
at that moment or like afterward or
whatever in that moment i i
wasn't comfortable but i did it i wasn't
reading chat but afterward when i read
the chat i felt more comfortable and i
felt much better
um which and i bring that up now because
later on i will tell you why
i decided to stop opening myself up to
my stream
um so yeah but then so let's
so you know a couple months go by it's
going well irl
stuff gaming stuff whatever um you know
then i got banned on twitch
i got uh swatted on an airplane i'm not
sure if you're familiar with what
happened
so i was uh you know i did a stream at
an airport
uh waiting for a plane to go to
dreamhack and um
you know and i was very uh what's the
word like um
irresponsible with my camera pointing
and i was just cause back in early 2017
getting swatted and like having viewers
know where you are wasn't really like an
issue it was like ira was so new
it was not it wasn't really an issue and
i had only ever been swatted
one time before that
like way but like way before the plane
thing it was at my house
and you know i mean okay whatever that
it wasn't like a normal thing
so when i streamed at the airport and i
streamed at airports multiple times as
well
i didn't think it was an issue but you
know obviously when i ended the stream
some viewer uh called the police and
said
i had a bomb or whatever and you know i
got swatted
uh on the airplane when it landed uh
like the cops came in and they like
questioned me and stuff
and you know obviously went on the news
and
got banned on twitch which wait why
would you get banned on twitch if
someone's
swatted i'm confused well i had been
banned a few times before so i got
banned four times on twitch
for uh because for you know because i
had tts on right on my streams
and sometimes by text-to-speech
so i got banned four times for texas
speech because you know
they people get around filters and you
know offensive things would come through
and i wouldn't skip it in time so i got
banned four times for that
and then i got banned for accidentally
leaking someone's phone number
like uh i asked for someone like i asked
for a girl's phone number i forgot to
leak the
[ __ ] microphone so i got banned for
that so
i got banned for getting spotted on the
plane because obviously i had already a
history i had like five bands before
that
and i think twitch you know saw it as
bad pr
they saw my chat was a little i mean my
i'm not going to
cookie cutter it my chat was pretty
[ __ ] like
ridiculous you know what i mean like
they were spammy as hell they could be
toxic they could be like
you know pretty [ __ ] bad so
i think twitch just was like just you
know they just banned me
because i uh and i will say i was pretty
irresponsible with the
way i was streaming i was like showing
what flight i was going on and stuff
with you know in hindsight it's easy to
say oh that was stupid but in the moment
like i said getting slotted wasn't
really a normal thing
so i didn't even think that was gonna
happen so yeah i got banned for
obviously uh i'm gonna assume
i don't really i don't really know
but i think it's because i was being
irresponsible with
showing where i was and stuff so let me
ask you a quick question
paul what's your understanding i mean so
you were saying that your community it
seems like you know they were
trolls yeah you know um
what's your understanding of of how your
community got to be that way
i uh i didn't moderate my chat i mean
that's as simple as that you know i
enjoyed the validation that my viewers
are giving me
you know i've never had anything like
this before so i was very afraid to lose
it
so i and what kinds of things would they
validate
um i mean you know if i was funny on
stream
if i was uh you know just saying jokes
and
you know obviously i would say offensive
jokes too
uh back when i was in my early twenties
offensive humor and like shock humor was
like
uh i don't know i found it funny i mean
you know i'm
i've heard now obviously but i'm not
gonna like
lie i found it funny so i would do it
you know and i'd say shocking things and
offensive things
um and the chat found it funny and you
know and
so it's kind of like the class clown
humor right you say
something in class that's like kind of
shocking the teacher would get mad
i mean it kind of just carried over i
guess but
but the viewers yeah they validated it
and then they they enjoyed it so
you know i was so afraid to lose anybody
i didn't want to lose a single viewer
because i just felt so good that i
finally had people that liked me
so i didn't ban or moderate anything
which is a mistake how do you understand
why you felt so
good why were you so afraid to lose a
single viewer
how do i explain why i felt so good yeah
like well like help me understand why
you were afraid to ban a single viewer
i just didn't i was just afraid of like
people not liking me anymore and
just going away and then i'd be alone
again i really didn't like being alone
and i really like for the first time saw
what it's like to be liked
and not be alone and you know
i just wanted to cherish that because it
was very
valuable to me and i i was you know a
dude i was 21
22 when i first i was 21 no i was 20
when i first started streaming
21 when i really blew up so i was young
and just
no life experience or anything i just
didn't know that
you know surrounding myself with
uh bad validation was even a thing
what do you mean by bad validation
i just you know i mean so you there's
there's
i mean how do i explain it there's
okay so you have if i have a viewer in
the chat who's uh
saying stupid things that uh
like saying uh making fun of me or
something or laughing when i do
something stupid
laughing at me more than with me that's
like bad validation
because he's still in my chat and he's
still laughing but he's not laughing for
the good
for good reasons and i couldn't really
differentiate the difference there
between
good and bad validation so i just kept
everyone because i didn't want to lose
anyone because i thought they
cared about me i thought they were there
for me
but um so i you know i was just very
afraid to moderate anything
so i'm kind of hearing a couple things
can i
just repeat back to you and just make
sure i'm on the same page so
you know we heard a lot about your early
life um
excuse me one second
so we heard a lot about your early life
and and uh
you know it sounds like you were not
very well understood
sounds like you were pretty alone in a
lot of ways
and then here comes twitch to the rescue
which it does so many times and and so
you know there's there's a sense of
community there's a sense of connection
you get to be the class clown again and
then like twitch loves that
right like we love class clowns and so i
i'm getting the sense that you started
to cultivate
a particularly you know risk like kind
of risque
attitude telling kind of offensive jokes
which you thought were funny like
people liked you because you know you
were the guy who
wouldn't be so pc started to cultivate a
particular kind of community that would
repeatedly say inappropriate things in
text-to-speech
maybe you weren't so keen on moderating
them because you really
found that like it's it's almost like
you you become kind of
i use this word a little bit carefully
but almost dependent on the validation
i mean i was hearing you kind of say
that you know you would do things that
or that their validation would allow you
to do things that
that paul couldn't do and ice poseidon
became someone different from paul
paul had trouble talking to people but
like ice poseidon was like
totally cool to talk to people like had
friends like
is that fair or or is that kinda
i mean i don't wanna i don't think it's
fair to take the blame off of me
and put it onto my persona but
yes you're right but i just want to make
sure you
like i just want you to know that i'm
that doesn't take the blame away from me
personally does is what i said
does that assign the blame somewhere
well
i mean no i don't think so but
i'm just uh so
used to
i'm just so used to getting judged man
about
like uh how i how i'm supposed to feel
and [ __ ]
i just feel like i have to just say that
i don't know okay
what would happen if you didn't say that
i just feel like people would
say that i'm just you know deflecting uh
my responsibilities or something i don't
know i don't
think so but i just thought i would say
that to see how
what what your reaction would be i
suppose i mean so here's what i have
paul if we're going to talk about blame
i think you and twitch
so this is this i mean you know there's
a part of me that loves it too but i
think a lot of times there are marriages
made in hell
and and that's what this sounds like to
me it sounds like you were the class
clown
you were also a champion of sorts and
they loved you for it and you loved to
be loved for it
and i i'm kind of hearing you know you
didn't moderate things but at the same
time you're not the one that was
you know making the text-to-speech
donations i think you just cultivated a
particular kind of culture
and everyone was sort of happy with that
what do you think about that
yeah i mean yeah my humor was edgy and
uh
my chat you know therefore got edgy and
yeah i mean that was uh
yeah essentially yes yeah i mean do you
feel blamed enough by what i said
is that fair in terms of judgment yeah
that's that's fair
i mean i i think this really sounds to
me like a situation where
you know there was a lot of like
cultivation or evolution
of something it started in one place and
then it got like a little bit worse and
a little bit worse and a little bit
worse and a little bit worse
i never you know i never i never wanted
it to be like
i never wanted to make a [ __ ] edgy
sort of like
thing but uh just you know obviously i
just didn't know what the [ __ ] up do my
i didn't know what i was doing my
channel i went from
400 viewers i'll say it i went from
100 viewers to 20 000 in like
two months or like i mean overnight
essentially dude
i mean it was literally overnight and i
had no guidance
it was just i'm just by myself
and i had to just figure everything else
everything out on my own
and i'm just like this sheltered kid so
it was tough dude
it was not easy and i just you know fell
into the wrong
sort of environment yeah i i've noticed
paul that um when people blow up it's
psychologically
very difficult and and you know
there's a lot of good that comes with it
but also like a lot of
danger that comes with blowing up um
so i've heard that story again a lot of
times it manifests as imposter syndrome
to where people like i don't understand
why
you know these 1900 19 900 people like
where they came from
because i was used to that original 100
um but anyway so it sounds like you got
banned for
to twitch i got banned for twitch for
you know
having this like cultivating like just a
bad community i'm quite sure
um the plane thing was just like icing
on the cake
um so and then i went over to youtube
um i know i was very upset
when this happened obviously because
i didn't know what the [ __ ] to do bro i
was so scared
of being alone again and going back to
being this just sheltered misunderstood
person
so i you know i i made a video and i
said i'm gonna be streaming on youtube
um criticized twitch and and and how
they banned me
which now looking at it i get where they
were coming from so i
you know i took that video down because
that's not fair
criticism in my opinion that i had on
them
but um started streaming on youtube
and you know i said this one thing that
was very
um like just the worst mistake of my
life
honestly because if you think it's bad
it hasn't even bro
youtube my youtube career that's when
streaming got
ridiculous like in terms of uh how
bad it really got um i said this one
thing and it really just it
i should have never said it i literally
said um
all right i want you guys to control my
life i said that to my viewers and that
was the worst [ __ ] mistake of my life
dude
because that that's not good that
because i realize now
viewers don't have your best intention
and you know you're just
entertainment and or like a very un
or like a parasocial relationship to a
lot of viewers
in like some unhealthy way and i learned
that i learned all that [ __ ] the hard
way man
so i had this reddit that had you know
those very popular
and had you know 100 000 members on it
and that reddit was who i was talking to
the
my reddit would control my life
essentially
is what i told them and if anything that
gets upvoted to the top
i would do and you know they
that's it you know i was so afraid of
losing
these people that i just gave them full
power so they wouldn't go anywhere
and uh yeah so then
the next year or so i mean it just it
got it just got real bad
um the viewers were very uh
you know even now i have a hard time
talking about this because
it's it's i just feel like a lot of
uh like it's hard to know
if i like if what i'm saying is even
accurate or not
not accurate and what happened but
accurate in how i feel
like i feel like now in hindsight that i
was being gaslighted
by my reddit and that sounds [ __ ]
insane
but i think i was because they would
upvote something
i would do it and then they would tell
me they would upload another post saying
i'm a
[ __ ] [ __ ] for doing that and that
i should apologize
to them and then i would apologize
and like cry on stream and say i'm sorry
and then it'd be like not good enough
does that make sense like it just got it
got very bad bro where like the viewers
some a lot of the viewers got very
entitled and they started and i just
only did i did my best
to just try and make everyone happy
but i think a lot of viewers took
advantage of that and it made me feel
really bad
and it really [ __ ] in my head for a
long time
and that was a huge mistake i should
have never given
you know my viewers such power over me
what what made what were what were you
do you remember what you were thinking
and feeling when you sort of put that
offer out there that they get to control
your life
i was just scared that was the first
stream on youtube that i did
i was just scared i didn't want to lose
you know
this this like magical gift that i was
given
because it i i dude i was alone my
entire life
and this was like something
that's like a dream come true you know
like people like me
people like want to see me like i've
never had that before
so i just was so worried about it that i
was just like i'm just gonna give them
everything i'm gonna give them my
literally the key to my heart everything
you know and that was that was bad
and and so the reason you were giving
them everything is because
you had you were living a life that you
know
i'm just trying to understand for a
second you know it's it's like when
i i can envision that when you were
growing up there was like your life and
there were like normal lives
right like people had friends and people
were liked and people were appreciated
and then there was paul
who is in the special school and and you
know taken to doctors and put on zoloft
and put on adhd medicine
there's the paul that we were kind of
saying like what do we do with you
and then suddenly like twitch and
youtube you were kind of
you did this for a while on twitch and
then you were afraid of losing everyone
and so you kind of gave them power over
your life
anything to not have them leave is that
fair to say
yeah because when i mean when i got
banned on twitch
no youtube live streaming wasn't a thing
really
like i was i don't even know who else is
streaming on youtube i think
yeah i have no idea i think i remember
like just nobody was streaming on
everyone who ever whoever got banned on
twitch their career was done
for streaming so
i was so scared of yeah of being like
just back to being alone so yeah i did
like i went
to the extremes on youtube so i could
keep these people
and so they don't leave and go back to
twitch and like leave
and you know whatever i'm alone so yeah
i gave them
full power and so when they would post
something on reddit how would you feel
like what would they ask you to do
i mean it would just be like content
ideas and stuff but um
and i would feel fine for i mean for
that obviously
um but when they would uh
when the reddit would upvote stuff
that would make me feel bad
when it when i didn't do anything that
like
but there was this one such i mean i'm
not bringing i'm not gonna say names but
there was this one situation
with two girls and one
of them i went on a date for the stream
i didn't really want to date them i just
went on a date with them for the stream
for content
because my reddit upvoted it
and said i should do that but i didn't
really want to
and i actually had this other girl that
i was friends with
that i liked and wanted to actually you
know
pursue her instead but
you know and and i went on so i did the
date with the with the stream girl
and the viewers found you know found out
that i
actually was pursuing this other girl
you know because uh like off stream
because
you know and and but and they
they they were so upset by it they
didn't you know
to me the stream did the date on stream
was just content to me
but to the viewers it was
like they're watching me actually date
someone
and they were upset and they they they
were like
oh he's gonna be he's like cheating on
her he's like he's such a piece of [ __ ]
he's [ __ ] this and that and i'm just
like oh [ __ ]
and because i said i gave i you know the
viewers control my life
so i ended up going live that night like
crying and i was just like i'm so sorry
i you know i didn't mean to do this i
please forgive me
and i ended up putting myself in a
situation where i
temporarily tried to date this
stream girl that i didn't even like
for the viewers you know because they
told me to
and that was a very uh awkward situation
to be in and um i'm just
it's just kind of i'm just trying to
like put it all together so i'm like
stuttering a little bit but
well yeah paul i'm i'm so
this may sound like a silly question but
you know
why did you have to do that
i i don't know i just felt like they
were gonna
leave and i was gonna be alone again so
i put my so i did that
you know i i told my viewers that they
would control my life
so i that's what it is that's what
happened and that was the worst mistake
ever
because if i ever wanted to do anything
that i wanted to do i couldn't
and if i ever tried they would
you know [ __ ] on me in my chat on reddit
they would make me feel
so bad they would they would you know
they would just
make me you know say i'm a scumbag and
all this [ __ ]
and to them it's memes but to me you
know these are my feelings my feelings
aren't memes
i couldn't say that though i could never
express myself
to my viewers and i'll tell you why
when i went live apologizing for you
know pursuing the wrong
girl that the stream didn't tell me to
um they were just they just
they just used it against me they used
my the feelings against me and they
would
repost the picture of me crying over and
over and over
with like captions that they thought
were funny and
but to me it like really hurt me and it
really like upset me
and it really and and unfortunately i
didn't know how to deal
with these with this situation and these
emotions
so i just totally started throwing
everyone under the bus
like you know the girls that i was
pursuing um
the girls pursuing uh and then the girl
that i was i
stated on stream i just
literally tried throwing them under the
bus
so i was pursuing this girl that i liked
right
and since the stream didn't want me to
i went live and apologized for pursuing
her
which was bad because obviously it would
make her feel bad too
and it would make my viewers lash out at
her
so that was the wrong move on my behalf
i should have taken
responsibility and just been like no i
like this other person
and i you know i shouldn't have played
pretend with my stream
but at like i said they i gave them
control
of my life and i would do everything so
yeah so that's how that situation went
so i after i was like all right crying
on stream
letting out my emotions to my viewers
bad move they're gonna just use it
against me
and you know post photos and and
whatever
and make me feel bad so i stopped doing
that that's why i keep saying
i don't like to express myself with the
like on streams typically because
even now it's like kind of hard for me
to say this because i have so so
engraved in my head that
somebody's gonna use it against me that
is it's
it's hard you know i mean i think you've
learned that lesson
yeah i mean i i have but uh
so it didn't end i
i i also let viewers come to stream
snipe me in real life
you know what stream sniping means yeah
i thought that was but when you're
competing in a game right and they're
watching your stuff
but this it also goes to real life as
well so i'm doing a
irl stream and they would you know
viewer would come up to me in person and
you know say hi to me and that's fine
i've enjoyed that i enjoy meeting the
viewers
saying hi to them that's great what i
didn't enjoy
was viewers coming to my house and
spying on me through my window
and recording my conversations in
private and posting them on reddit and
things like that
but i couldn't say that because if i
ever tried to say oh i don't i don't
like
you doing this don't do it of course my
viewers would be upset that i'm defying
them
so you know i would never say anything
like that but yeah my boundaries
there was no boundary viewers would i
would leave my door unlocked
and i would let viewers walk in my house
as i'm sleeping and i'd wake up and
there'd be seven people sitting on my
couch
that i have no idea who they are and
then they'd [ __ ] cheer and be like
yeah
he's awake and you know i mean it would
kind of
make me feel a little uh
weird obviously i'd be like i don't know
if i like this
but i just i just rolled with it you
know wow
why wouldn't you lock your door
oh no i just was so i i when i
when i said that i was gonna let the
viewers control my life i meant it dude
i don't want you i don't want you to
underestimate how much
fear i had inside of me when i got
banned bro
and i wanted to not lose
anything and be alone again
so i went to the absolute extreme to
make sure
i stood out enough that viewers weren't
going to leave me
so it's interesting paul because usually
when i think about
you know really extreme circumstances a
lot of people will talk about
negative emotions like i did it because
i was afraid
um but sometimes there's actually like
other reasons
right there can actually be like
positive things so like when i think
about
for example people who stay in abusive
relationships
um which it sounds weird but it sounds
like you were in a an abusive
relationship with your viewers
um i mean because what you're describing
stuff
like if you weren't if you were using if
you replaced the word viewers
or reddit with like you know someone's
name
and you just told the story like it you
know
like you know what's weird yeah the
weird the weird thing is
the viewers didn't hate me they liked me
yeah so so i i don't think that's weird
so this is kind of what i was saying is
is that like you know a lot of times
when you talk to people in abusive
relationships they'll talk about like
fear is the reason they stay in the
relationship but a lot of times
actually the more i've really come to
understand abusive relationships like
oftentimes actually there's something
even more powerful than fear which is
some kind of
other driver like sometimes love causes
people to stay in an abusive
relationship
like you know the hope that this person
will change
will cause them to stay in a
relationship the fact that they love
this person the fact that they built a
life with
them you know i've seen abusive
relationships that will last for 40
years
and when we really think about why does
someone stay in that relationship
it's not out of fear i mean sure fear is
a big part of it
but it can actually i think that things
that really get people stuck
are oftentimes positive emotions or like
you know
some kind of positive value do you think
you were getting something
out of this yeah i mean
of course you know i got a lot of
viewers
you know made money of course i got
something out of it
i just um went about i just think i
i dropped my boundaries way too much
because in the end like
it's self-destructive you know and then
they come there comes a certain point
where
you can't keep up anymore man like like
at a certain point i couldn't keep up
with the with what my viewers wanted
and then they want
i mean okay i mean this is going to be
really tough to
talk about and i really don't like
talking about it because people like to
make memes about it but i'll you know
i'll talk about it but you don't have to
talk about it
well i but i will though because that
they use
i wonder if you're making the same
mistake now
that you were back then which is like if
there's a boundary
maybe you should just respect that
boundary instead of sacrificing yourself
for the sake of answering my question
what do you think about that
i mean i i'm very curious but like
that's my curiosity right because it's
like
i mean i wouldn't say anything that i'm
uncomfortable with
i am comfortable with talking to you
about this stuff now because
it's all of that stuff's in the past i'm
talking about this from like a past
tense sort of thing okay um
like in the past talking about this
would would have been like really tough
and it's still tough now but i'm not
afraid to talk about it anymore before i
would have been afraid to talk about it
um so let me ask you explicitly before
we continue
do you feel like talking about this
would be lowering your boundary or
violating an internal boundary that you
want to hold
for the sake of the interview or the
content or whatever like
you know because i don't want to fall
into that same pattern
no because i'm not gonna like no names
or anything like i'm not gonna get
100 detail just what i'm comfortable
but um so my ex-girlfriend i
you know i you know i liked her right
and uh
the stream didn't like her i don't know
if you've ever seen these sort of
relationships before
but um so for the first
uh six months or so of dating
this girl um my viewers would just [ __ ]
on me
constantly for six months non-stop [ __ ]
on me [ __ ] on her [ __ ] on
anything i did everyone around her
because they didn't like her that's not
who
they wanted me to date that's who i
wanted to date but that's not who they
wanted me to date
so but and this was the first time i've
defied i defied my viewers
i dated this this girl and i didn't care
what the viewer said
and that caused my life to be a living
[ __ ] hell for
six or seven months house
what's that how so
i mean the viewers would you know i mean
they would just
yeah like the the chat the dislikes
the reddit everything they would just
say [ __ ] you ice
you're a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] you're
dating this person this person's [ __ ]
awful [ __ ] [ __ ] you [ __ ] that like they
just didn't like
who i was dating so they lashed out at
me constantly which made all my streams
awful
because i'm not going to be able to be
happy
and positive on stream if i'm getting my
whole chat
[ __ ] on me and my whole community
[ __ ] on me so it'd be a constant
battle between me and my community
of me defending myself and oh if i want
to date this person i can date this
person in my chat
saying [ __ ] you you can't date this
[ __ ] person
it was just a bad toxic situation an
environment that i was in
so instead of and i tried i tried really
hard to hold my
my own and hold my gut for seven months
i just couldn't take it anymore so what
i ended up doing was
hiding the relationship for my viewers
and this is where i got really bad dude
because now i'm living a [ __ ] like a
second life
i have my i'm like my stream life
where my viewers think i'm single and
then i have my actual life where i'm
going
and i'm seeing this this girl
and i lived in constant fear of getting
spotted in public
with with her of just whatever you know
so it that relationship ended up
going really really bad and turning very
bad because of
because of me you know it's not her
fault
it's because of me i literally was
afraid to leave the house with her
so it ended up turning into a very just
not a good relationship dude
um very uh
i started treating her poorly because i
was
you know just not like poorly as in
calling her names and stuff i treated
her poorly as in
if we're gonna leave the house you have
to put a hood on and like a mask and
[ __ ] like it's just
i was just scared bro and um
it just wasn't good and one and then my
viewers eventually found out
that i was dating her and let me tell
you that was just awful
it was i mean she got completely
harassed i got
completely harassed and i made such a
dumb [ __ ] mistake
of just completely just i mean i like
threw under the bus dude i'm like oh i'm
not dating her
because i didn't know what to do and i
was so upset
and so like worried about just
losing the viewers and being alone again
i just you know i just did really really
uh made some really bad
mistakes i you know and and i lost her
uh respect i lost the viewers respect i
lost everyone's [ __ ] respect
you know the viewers were upset because
i was hiding this relationship for like
seven months
my ex-girlfriend obviously uh
you know thought it was [ __ ] [ __ ]
and unfair to her which it clearly was
and i was uh just yeah
just bad bad moves all around
and then after that of course it just
was never the same my viewers just
treated me like [ __ ]
and had no respect for me for so long
until my read until i closed my reddit
what do you think about that
i mean i i made a mistake you know i
made mistakes i
i should have never dropped the boundary
boundaries between me and my viewers
it was it only led to bad things nothing
good came from it
because in hindsight i think the viewers
would have still watched me
with the boundaries i didn't need to
drop those boundaries
i just did because i was scared like i
cultivated
this abusive relationship between me and
my viewers
and i need and that's not what i meant
to do i was just trying to grow our bond
by doing that i'll be the only streamer
to let the viewers come into his house
and whatever but
the it got toxic because the viewers
wanted full control and they they
wanted you know and i can't i'm not a
robot i live my own life too
well i can i can kind of see it's it's
really interesting to hear
you because
you know how you were saying that that
we were talking about apology.exe
and and how you because you do
explicitly own uh
up to a lot of this you say you know it
was my fault my mistake i did this
i did this i cultivated this abusive
relationship
um you know it's kind of interesting
because
i i can see what you're saying it's
almost like a this too
has been kind of an evolution of you
being judged
over and over and over again does that
make sense
yeah i mean i'm i'm just uh
i think where this like where it comes
from me like constantly
trying to own up the stuff is the reddit
would always say i'm not owning up to
anything
and and now this is kind of interesting
because i'm i'm beginning to understand
i think
why they think you don't own up to
things
this is going to sound kind of weird
because even as i hear you explain
things there's a part of me that feels
some degree of doubt and i was really
surprised by that
right well so like there's something
actually i know it sounds kind of weird
dude so i'm just going to be straight
there's something about what you're
saying that feels very bs-like to me
okay and then i got really confused
because i was like he's clearly owning
up to things he's clearly taking
responsibility for it he recognizes he
makes mistakes
he's gotten he's become very insightful
so why is my bs meter going off a little
bit
does that make sense it does
and and so i want to share something
with you and i wonder if actually if
this has something to do with
um you know whether you have asperger's
or not
in sort of the way that you've learned
to apologize
um because i i do think that there are a
couple of things that are kind of
interesting about your apologies one is
that
you tend to own up to something and then
you
say because and then you cite
a negative emotion that was controlling
you
so you're like i cultivated this abusive
relationship because i was afraid
does that make does that construction
make sense yeah
100 owning a mistake
because negative emotion
and and i think you you've got to be
careful about that because while i can
completely understand that that's true
i think if i say oh yeah um
you know i i hit my dog
because i was angry and so it's like
yeah that can be true but when you sort
of like cite a negative emotion as
controlling you
i think there's a sense of like
absolving yourself of responsibility
there
it's not you it was the fear that made
you do it the fear made me do it the
fear made me do it the fear made me do
it
and i can understand that 100 because i
think that's actually how human beings
work
but i'm just sort of sharing that with
you because i think that that that
may you know is is it you
or is it the fear like what's really
responsible here what do you think
i mean yeah the the fear comes from me
so when i say fear i
just you know that's like that's me
like i'm the fear you know well so yeah
the re
what's your understanding of why i'm
sharing this with you
um i mean you're saying that i'm just
bad at apologies
uh honestly that i'm glad that that's
the way that you interpreted it because
what i was afraid of is that you would
interpret what i was saying is like i'm
calling bs
i don't think you're bad at apologies i
think that you have a particular way of
apologizing which i was trying to figure
out like
why do people judge you so harshly like
what's going on there because i think
that's
a little bit of a two-way relationship
as well you know because clearly like
you're owning up to what you've done
right like i'm not getting the sense
that you're
you know in denial or anything but so
that then the question becomes if you're
not in denial then then what
you know why do people react to you this
way and even more shockingly
why do i feel like reacting to you in
that way right
it's like what the yeah because the
guy's like clearly like he's like you
know i threw people under the bus like i
shouldn't have done this like i lowered
my boundaries that was a mistake like i
was afraid of losing it sounds like very
insightful
um you know it sounds like you've you've
kind of paid attention a lot and you've
done a lot of reflection
how would i apologize without saying
it's the negative emotions because i
mean
i didn't do it for no reason
yeah so that's that's a good question so
so i mean so let me
explain something to you like like like
what are you sorry for something
i mean i'm sorry for the
you know the people i threw under the
bus yeah but uh
i'm not really sorry for the cultivation
of that
you know of the toxic community that
i've that i made because
i'm past that now and it was affecting
me
the most who am i going to apologize to
myself
i mean i guess i it's not the toxic
community
that made me like throw people under the
bus so i'm not going to apologize
for that in particular i just apologize
like it's my own actions that
did that because i was
going through so much intense
things and there i said the because
again but
you see that you're doing great until
you said the because
so if and and i i think i know it sounds
kind of weird but like
i think in a weird way like you not
apologizing for a piece of it felt very
authentic to me
you know like because because you know
and this is subtle but like
you say i made a mistake i haven't heard
you say i'm sorry
right so i think that's the other thing
that people may be sniffing out is bs
and part of the reason that you get
judged
because if you're not sorry for
something paul i think you should just
own up to it and that felt authentic
like i'm with you 100
if you're like i screwed up but i don't
regret it for it for a minute
the only thing that i regret is that
while i was screwing up i threw some
people under the bus and that wasn't
fair to them
that sounds very authentic that doesn't
set off my bs meter
but when you say i made a mistake i made
a mistake now i'm sort of picking up
another piece because you're not sorry
and generally speaking we assume that
people who make mistakes are sorry that
they made mistakes but you're not sorry
so that makes perfect sense now i don't
blame you for it are you
i mean i'm you know in like a weird way
i'm kind of glad it all happened because
i'm
i i have learned a lot like if i didn't
go through this
i wouldn't have like i don't know dude i
would just be
so skewed in perspective to so many
things because yeah you know i went from
sheltered
to 20 000 viewers if i never had any of
those experiences
and everything was just positive i would
just be a [ __ ] skewed person i don't
know
like i needed to get perspective
somewhere right
yeah so and you know unfortunately i
went
through it really intense ways
but so be it you know yeah so that feels
very authentic to me
so be it feels far more than because i i
don't i didn't really hear you
i think i i get what so paul do you get
that i'm sharing this with you because i
i'm hoping that we can get some insight
into
you know how you put your words together
and how people respond to them
that's why i'm not trying to like call
you out or anything like that are you
getting that sense
yeah okay and if people are you know end
up watching this i i don't want them to
you know the last thing that i'd want to
do is reignite all of your haters
i think it's in a weird way this this
i'm having this conversation with you in
the same way
that i was having the conversation with
you about feelings
which is uh and like you know how you
talk to your girlfriend about how
certain conversations are hard for you
it's just for us to recognize that when
we communicate in a certain way
why do we set people off like because i
think there's something about you
paul that that is interesting because
you say i made a bunch of mistakes but
if you don't feel sorry
i think that's going to really frustrate
a lot of people
because what they're here yeah it's
it's also i don't know it's just
yeah the the sorry thing it's it's it's
i'm just not good with like expressing
my emotions as i said earlier so it just
yeah it comes off weird i can i know
yeah i think there's a little bit of a
disconnect because most people
when someone says i made a mistake and
it was my fault
empathically they expect
an emotion of i'm sorry with that but i
don't get i don't get that from you
yeah i get no that's you know now that
you think about it
that's probably why anytime i've ever
cried on stream i just had a terrible
response
except for the first time the first time
was authentic
ever the one on twitch than the ones on
youtube
like when i was crying because i wanted
to date someone else but i went on this
other girl's date for content
like i wasn't really sorry i just said
that
because i you know the viewers were
supposed to be controlling me so
you know but actually i could see why
they totally did not accept that apology
it was like uh i just yeah i was just
confused bro
yeah no i i think paul to be honest i
mean you know
people who have something on the on the
autism spectrum i think what i'm hearing
from your story
like and i don't really know you know if
there's more to say but
basically when i when i hear this i
think it's just a
it's a perfect storm of a lot of
different things man
you know i um can i just share some
thoughts with you
yeah so to begin with like i think that
you know what i'm hearing is that
you grew up and like stuff was hard
right because like people didn't know
what what to do with you and like people
didn't really understand
you and like you felt it sounds to me
like you felt alone growing up really
for lack
that's you know and and so then
you know twitch came along and and i
think that like twitch is amazing
because it's it's sort of
a way for people who are misfits
a way for misfits to fit in i think
that's one of the biggest things that
twitch has done for our society in
in terms of like allowing people for
this connection
and so you started streaming there i
think your class clown came out a little
bit
but then as you kind of pointed out you
know it also sounds like you
um you know you got that validation
and it was kind of validation in sort of
the wrong direction that like anything
to not be alone and i totally get that i
can understand why
you know if you get if you're the victim
of of something like a sexual assault or
bullying or things like that and if
everyone around you calls you a snitch
and you have to like transfer schools
and
go sit in a classroom by yourself when
you're like clearly the victim
you know i can understand how that
leaves
a hunger for like acceptance a hunger
for
friendship like a hunger for like
something and then along comes the
internet
and then all of these things that you
grew up as like you don't have to be
anymore
you can be someone who talks to people
you don't have to be someone with
asperger's you can just be social
you can have lots of friends and you can
be funny and people can appreciate you
and you can appreciate them
i think there's a lot of i mean there
must have been a lot of just genuine
goodness to your content too i'm not
saying it was wholesome
but like there must have been like good
times and solid laughs and like a lot of
like
you know hanging out you know i mean and
and so that's sort of like and then you
had this sort of like high of everyone
you know like liking you and this is
where i'd say from a spiritual
perspective
i don't know if we have time for this
now right i don't think we do but i
think that there's another element of
ego or the sanskrit word is ahm god
which is the sense of i
so your sense of identity of who you
become
and who you want to be that i think is
sort of active here
and then then something weird happens i
think it sounds like you sort of
cultivated
um a particular kind of person in in
your chat which
you know i totally get because i imagine
had i been a little bit younger and was
watching twitch chat more religiously i
probably would have wound up in your
community i have a huge inner troll
um you know i really get it and so
and then you got banned a couple times
you got a band a couple more times
and then there was this kind of swat
thing where and i do think you sort of
let it sounds like you went
you kind of like let caution go for a
while there
and you know whatever happened happened
um
and then really when you got banned from
twitch you were sort of like i'm getting
a sense of like
you know desperation and fear really
that all this stuff was going to be
taken away and like you'd pay
any price to hang on to it any price
and was it the wrong thing to do to
completely
destroy your boundaries and let randos
like show up at your place like
undoubtedly at the same time i think
it's very authentic for you to say that
actually
sounds like you don't regret it no i
mean i had a lot of good i mean i know
we're talking about the bad experiences
but i had a lot of good ones too
dude i have met thousands and thousands
of fans
at my doorstep and you know most of them
are cool
and most of them i resonate with really
a lot
it's only the couple situations where
they're like [ __ ]
crazy people or something like
you know what i mean like i've had
people come like crying to me
like they like they like let me move in
with you you are my god
and they're crying and i have to say no
you cannot move in with me
and then he's posed to conversate he was
recording the conversation he posted on
reddit
and on reddit [ __ ] on me let this
guy live with you he's you're
you're his god and i just have to say no
and then you know those are the bad
situations
but most of the situations were good
yeah
and and so then we kind of get to where
you are now which is where where are you
now paul
well i mean yeah i mean i stream on
youtube to uh
you know smaller audience than twenty
thousand but
um i'm happy with it bro like honestly
i mean obviously uh 20 000
was nice but it's not worth like the it
just wasn't worth what i had to go
through like i
i had this this project that i was doing
in la this was the final straw 2019 i
had this project i was doing i was going
to
start this like streamer house and you
know my viewers
wanted me to move in a trailer park
instead of a house
and i said no because that you know i
don't want to live in a [ __ ] trailer
and stream from it um and uh
you know yeah they they ruined the
project that i had
they had investors and you know they
pulled out because the viewers were
getting too crazy
when you know they were doxxing the
investors and [ __ ] they were just so
pissed at me
yeah they were so pissed at me that they
wanted to do anything to ruin this
project that i had been
working towards for over a year now
because you know getting
investors is not an easy task and like
getting like a whole
like a bunch of employees and it was
just a long process right
so that got ruined and i said all right
[ __ ] this i closed my reddit down i got
it banned
you know uh other reddit started opening
up
you know for like people trying to still
be a part of my community those got
banned
and i moved to texas got away from
california
i just started like a new [ __ ] it's
like a new life bro
and i stopped streaming for a little bit
streamed on mixer for
for almost a year now i'm back on
youtube and i had to
stop streaming and go to mixer to get
rid of the like i just had to take time
off bro cause the
some of these [ __ ] people bro they
just wouldn't
like they're just like obsessive like
when you let
people control your life you do get a
certain type of
viewer like you said and these type of
viewers
it's hard to it's hard to get rid of
them so
um so i took some time off and now my
viewers
they're very nice they respect my
boundaries i like them
and yeah i mean i'm very happy right now
with where i am streaming
cool well i'm happy for you
thank you i it's been tough though it's
it's bro it was like it dude 2019 when i
was taking time off bro
it wasn't easy dude it i had like an ego
death
because uh i had to re-identify myself
from this like persona
to like i just want to be me now i don't
want to be a persona
you know yeah i
i i mean that makes a lot of sense to me
because i'm and i'm also really happy to
hear that actually because it sounds
like your ego was really out of control
for a while i yeah i i
just yeah i've lost a little bit of uh
who i was at like as a person and
completely became
this you know like [ __ ] frankenstein
my viewers were
making yeah yeah
i hate to say it that way because it's
it's not like it is still my fault the
viewers aren't the ones who like
made that but i put myself in the
situation to allow them to
make that yeah i i see what you're
saying i i think i mean i'm not
here to play judge in terms of who was
at fault and who wasn't that's not
really
i mean i think you know i i will
judgement is for
god if you believe in it yourself and
the internet
and it's not something that i am
interested in i think um
my perspective paul it's been an
absolute pleasure talking to you i think
it's been
really fascinating i hope that um you
know
especially sort of like some of this
communication stuff i think that it's
interesting that
a lot of people take it for granted but
there is kind of like a
stepwise process to learn how to
communicate
um we i think sometimes we got to be
really careful because there are
patterns in our communication like the
way that you
own up to your mistakes but it's not
really an apology that i think that you
would
it's actually the same principle as sort
of talking to your girlfriend which is
like
just state how you really feel about
things hey i really want to talk to you
but i'm not really able to because it
like brings up a lot of negative emotion
and i want to work on this but i just
can't handle it right now and i'm really
confused about like what to do about
that
you know because i i'm hearing almost
the same degree of like
sort of conflicting stuff which unless
you state it out for people can be
confusing for them
so on the one hand it was terrible and i
felt like i was in a toxic abusive
relationship but on the other hand it
was like also super hype
you know i i my ego was through the roof
i was loving it i was loving being
this person who had went from 100
viewers to 20 000 viewers
and it was amazing and then i was also
afraid and i like
let let these people like do things to
my life but i also
let them do it you know and i felt like
i lost control
and at the end of the day it sounds like
really the only thing you're sorry for
is
the other people who got caught up in it
right and
and kind of suffered because of your
choices
um and and it sounds like you're
actually grateful that i mean i don't
know grateful may be a strong word but
that you don't regret what happened to
you because
it's made you the person that you are
today and that you had like
you know a pretty narrow sliver of what
your experience of life is and like
now it's like a huge pie of like just
all of these different experiences
good bad crazy hype fun
you know walking like waking up and like
rando's being in your living room like
that sounds absolutely insane
yeah dude yeah my experience bro i have
so many different perspectives
it's amazing yeah and and so i think the
last thing that i'll kind of leave you
with is i'm glad you've kind of had
something like an ego death because i
i heard the ego when you because this is
the ego when it's like i'm going to be
the only streamer who dot dot dot
that's ego right i want to be the only
one that's not about your viewers
it's not about making good content
if you're interested in being the only
whatever that's about you
um and and so good luck to you man
it's been an absolute pleasure really
appreciate your authenticity
and just share your story yeah one
question uh yeah of course
just because i i do feel and i i've
always felt insecure about this
um but um because
then you brought it up because my
viewers used to say it all the time too
the ego thing
um hopefully you don't see that
in me at the moment or currently because
i tried
hard to try to ground myself
yeah so let's talk about that for just a
second so i think that um
i i i think you're on the right road for
sure paul
and and like you said like that that
kind of identity crisis that you went
through in 2019 i think was probably
very healthy for you
i think but i think part of the reason
why people see ego i don't think it's
actually ego i think it's just your way
of communicating
which is like when you say something
like
you know i i made this mistake because
of the fear
that's gonna come across as egotistical
to people
like it like it's gonna come across to
people as saying like oh it wasn't my
fault it was like
my emotions which i know it sounds weird
but it's true
and also like people are going to judge
you for being egotistical
i think the only real ego that i i
shared with you the statement that i
thought was egotistical which was the
one where i i want to be the only
streamer who
dot dot that's really like the only
thing that i thought was explicitly ego
now i mean there may have been way more
ego before but i'm not getting a whole
lot of that now
does that sound okay that i i mean said
that do you feel reassured when i say
that or
yeah i just wanted i was just insecure
because i just don't wanna
i just hope i was just hoping i wasn't
coming off as like uh
egotistical or something so the other
tricky thing
uh paul that i should i should be more
careful about this is a mistake on
on mine and i'm sorry for that is that i
use the term ego
is really a translation of the sanskrit
term ahamkara
which is the i feeling or the identity
and so what i'm sort of talking about is
not necessarily that you were like
egotistical but that you had an
identity right like this is if we think
about paul growing up
paul was lonely paul was riding the
short bus
paul was all of these things and then
you have ice poseidon
who thousands of cool people show up at
your door to hang out with you
both of those are ego they're both a
sense of who you
are and neither of them is truly who you
are those are both identities
those are both ego so when i say ego i'm
referring to actually both of those
things
there are constructions of the mind
about who we
are but that's not really who you are
like i know it sounds weird but i mean
who you are is like
if you close your eyes for a second
it's like can you feel your existence
yeah like that's who you are
right you're not paul you're not ice
beside and you're none of those things
all you are is like if if the world
ceased to exist or i stuck you in a
time capsule and put you in like you
know a cryogenic state for
10 000 years and you woke up and you
were the last human being alive
it wouldn't matter that you're paul it
wouldn't matter that you're ice beside
wouldn't matter how many
you know none of that would matter all
that would be left would be like the
real you
does that sort of make sense yeah it
does
and and so that's sort of what i was
referring to so especially if you know
people are going to watch this and
they're going to think like oh like dr k
thinks he's like egotistical like i want
to clarify what i mean by that you may
be go to school i don't know but
no that's a good way that's a good way
to put it thank you so much
thank you man this has been great i you
know i've
heard a lot about you but it's it's been
great to actually talk to you i try to
steer clear of
you know what people say but um
you know the reason we're doing this
interview i was like oh like i guess
we're not doing on twitch
our folks are like yeah we can't you
can't do it on twitch
well at least we can video about it
hopefully someone could learn something
from my experience so i certainly hope
so and i really appreciate you being
willing to come on especially given all
the hate that you've experienced
um you know hopefully nothing bad comes
of this
and um you know if something bad does
happen and please let us know so that we
can
try to support you if we can okay
yeah for sure man all right take care
dude all right thanks a lot man
see you later
you